This response time is very short in relation to a weft period of, e.g., 70 thousandths of a second and enables the required yarn length each time to be measured very accurately. As a consequence the weaving can be very economical.	1
The data presented herein show that virus and cancer cell expression of BTLA selective agonists is a common strategy to target the HVEM signaling network. Virus evolution and mutations in HVEM that avoid CD160 binding appear to provide a selective advantage for the pathogen and cancer cell. It is shown that the activity of the viral HVEM mimic in CMV is unhindered in CD160-expressing cells compared to HVEM, directly inhibiting the activation of ZAP70/Syk and downstream ERK1/2 pathways following antigen receptor stimulation in lymphocytes. Additionally, in CD160-expressing NK cells the activation of BTLA by the viral HVEM mimic directly limits inflammatory cytokine signaling. Together, these data illustrate how the potential to limit inflammatory signaling by inhibitory receptors can provide a selective pressure for diverse intracellular pathogens such as viruses and tumors. This knowledge base of viral and tumor mutations prompted bioengineering of HVEM to achieve selectivity and high affinity for BTLA, which may show utility in altering inflammatory and proliferative processes.	1
According to one embodiment of the post-installed anchor, at least one of the multiple expansion pieces of the expansion end divided by the at least four cuts is formed in a shape that prevents an edge of the sleeve in proximity to the fixation member from entering deep inside the expansion end in the course of inserting the post-installed anchor into the pilot hole. This arrangement effectively prevents the sleeve from being stuck in the expansion end in the course of insertion of the post-installed anchor into the pilot hole and from interfering with further insertion of the post-installed anchor.	1
Further disclosed herein is a method of producing petroleum from an earth formation. The method includes: disposing an injection assembly in a first borehole, the injection assembly including an injector extending from a distal end of the injection assembly; disposing a production assembly in a second borehole, the production assembly including a collector having a first conduit and a second conduit concentric with the first conduit, the first conduit having a first distal end and the second conduit having a second distal end, the first and second distal ends located at different locations along a length of the second borehole; injecting a thermal source into the injector to introduce thermal energy to a portion of the earth formation and reduce a viscosity of the material therein; and recovering the material through a plurality of openings on a portion of the first and second conduits into a production conduit.	1
In some embodiments, the present invention provides a method for producing a galactosylated product saccharide involving contacting an acceptor substrate with the β-1,3-galactosyltransferase polypeptide (truncated CgtB protein) and a donor substrate comprising galactose, thus allowing transfer of the galactose moiety to the acceptor saccharide to occur resulting in a galactosylated product saccharide.	1
The accuracy of the prediction can be improved by using historical data related to the recipient. To this end, the device of the present invention further comprises a memory unit for storing behavioral pattern data of the recipient and a prediction unit for predicting, using the behavioral pattern data, the future behavior of the recipient. The behavioral pattern data may be derived from received behavior signals and may then be stored. The behavioral pattern data may also be obtained from another device and then be stored in the device of the present invention.	1
In order to reduce the compressor cost, one module may be used for encoding two or more slices. Similarly, one module may be used to decode two or more slices in the image frame. Therefore, the number of the encoder or decoder modules may be less than the number of the multiple slices in the image frame. When the clock rate of an application processor is high enough with advanced process (e.g. 28 nm), single core compressor may be used to encode two or more slices of the image frame. Thus, the compressor cost may be saved by using single core compressor. In the decoder side, it is also possible to use single-core decoder to decode two or more slices. In another embodiment, however, the number of the encoder or decoder modules may be larger than the number of the multiple slices in the image frame.	1
As noted the present invention allows the use of primary explosives materials to be avoided. One of the safety benefits of this in seismic exploration is that the overall sensitivity to detonation by non-specific means is significantly reduced. This is advantageous during the survey as it reduces the possibility of an unintended detonation. It is also important following completion of the survey as it is accepted that a certain proportion of charges deployed will fail to detonate. This proportion can be up to 10% depending on local conditions but is generally considerably lower. Due to the hazards involved in recovering misfired charges, many are left in place and are abandoned. The presence of highly sensitive primary explosives in these deployed charges means that shock, or another event, can lead to unintended detonation by non-specific stimulus. The chances of this are significantly reduced if the present invention is employed in order to avoid the use of primary explosives.	1
An important aspect of the present invention deals with hybrid inorganic-organic monofilaments formed of BaSO 4 micro-/nanoparticles uniformly dispersed in an elastomeric absorbable matrix of a block copolymer of polyethylene glycol end-grafted with at least one cyclic monomer selected from the group represented by glycolide, a lactide, ε-caprolactone, and trimethylene carbonate. More specifically, these monofilaments are designed to have the physicomechanical, chemical, and biological properties to allow their use as absorbable/disintegratable, load-bearing coils (or springs) in endoureteral devices, wherein the coils are covered with an absorbable knitted tubular mesh and both are coated with an absorbable binder coating. In turn, the endoureteral device can be used as an endoureteral stent which is capable of maintaining patency in a pathologically compromised ureter for at least one week; and degrades or disintegrates step-wise starting with the coating, the mesh, and then the coil. More specifically, at the conclusion of the stent functional period, the coil is expected to undergo catastrophic disintegration when the elastomeric organic matrix loses its mechanical integrity as it undergoes an advanced degree of hydrolytic degradation and becomes incapable of retaining the high density inorganic dispersed phase of BaSO 4 microparticles, which can easily be discharged by flowing urine without blocking the ureter.	1
According to the present invention, an indicator position detecting device is provided that solves the problem of unwanted radiation while ensuring the charging of a pen type position indicator without reducing the area of a display region or a position detecting region even when the product is miniaturized.	1
In another embodiment, a method for designing a lens or a correction for enhancing the near vision performance of a presbyopic patient includes a design that eliminates less than the total amount of the spherical aberration in the person's visual optical system so as to increase the person's depth of field. Aspects of this embodiment include ocular corrections that apply to vision altering optics such as contact lenses, IOLs, inlays, onlays, and the like, to the cornea through laser ablation and other refractive surgical techniques, and to other components of the eye.	1
These and other problems are generally solved or circumvented, and technical advantages are generally achieved, by preferred embodiments of the present invention which provides for a system and method for reducing power-on transient current magnitude in integrated header switches.	1
The IL-2 muteins described herein have a minimal numbers of alterations to IL-2, thereby decreasing the likelihood of creating an immune response against the IL-2 mutein and/or endogenous IL-2, yet maintain Treg preferential expansion and activation. Moreover, in certain embodiments, the IL-2 mutein is fused to a molecule, e.g. an antibody Fc, that increases the serum half-life when administered to a subject. IL-2 muteins have a short serum half-life (3 to 5 hrs for sub-cutaneous injection). Exemplary IL-2 mutein Fc fusions described herein have a half-life in humans of at least 1 day, at least 3 days, at least 5 days, at least 10 days, at least 15 days, at least 20 days, or at least 25 days. This effect on the pharmacokinetics of the IL-2 muteins allows for decreased or less frequent dosing of the IL-2 mutein therapeutic.	1
Broadly considered, the invention establishes a new paradigm for the reception of convolutional coding of interleaved Reed-Solomon forward-error-correction (RS FEC) coding of data. A procedure for decoding soft symbols of the convolutional coding is preceded by decoding the RS FEC coding of de-interleaved bytes of the hard data bits and hard parity bits from soft symbols of the convolutional coding. The results of the decoding of RS FEC codewords found to be correctable is used to correct erroneous hard data bits and hard parity bits of the soft symbols of the convolutional coding. There is an upward adjustment of confidence levels concerning hard data bits and hard parity bits of the soft symbols of the convolutional coding contained within RS FEC codewords that the RS FEC decoding procedures correct or find to be initially correct. These adjustments facilitate the subsequent procedure for decoding the soft symbols of the convolutional coding.	1
The two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention has a structure in which the first (or third) medium having higher refractive index than the first (or third) modified refractive index areas extends in the direction parallel to the two-dimensional photonic crystal in the first layer and the third layer, while the second modified refractive index areas having higher refractive index than the second medium extends in the direction perpendicular to the two-dimensional photonic crystal in the second layer. Such a structure is adopted for the following reason. The direction of electric field in the light distributed in the two-dimensional photonic crystal slab differs between the center and the near-surface of the slab. Therefore, the two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention is designed to have a three-layered structure, corresponding to the above-described electric field direction, including a photonic crystal center layer (the second layer) and the surface layers (the first layer and the third layer) sandwiching the second layer so that each layer is optimized with respect to the electric field direction. When such a structure is adopted, the two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention can create a complete PBG for preventing propagation of light having a predetermined wavelength band and polarized in any direction.	1
An object of the Bed Bug and Roach Trap is to provide a system that allows bed bugs or roaches to be lured from their hiding places and once into the trap have their legs sheared off causing them to fall into a disposable bag or container.	1
It is also an object of the invention to provide a control interface which significantly reduces the development time and effort for creating telephony applications which interface with CSTA protocols.	1
Therefore, the present invention provides a method and apparatus for enhanced recovery of petroleum fluids from the subsurface by steam and vaporized solvents placed in the oil sand formation contacting the viscous heavy oil and bitumen in situ, and more particularly to a method and apparatus to extract a particular fraction of the in situ hydrocarbon reserve by controlling the access to the in situ bitumen, the steam solvent composition, and operating temperatures and pressures of the in situ process, resulting in increased production of petroleum fluids from the subsurface formation as well as limiting water inflow into the process zone.	1
This type of adhesive deposition, carried out on the same conveyor system that is being used to create the thick mass of nylon fibers that will be compressed and then needle-punched, can distribute and embed a “hot melt” adhesive throughout essentially the entire thickness (or any targeted portion thereof) of a needle-punched fiber mat, regardless of how thick or heavy the needle-punched mat will be. The resulting mats are highly stable, and can be stored for months before the heated compression step.	1
The channels may be wavy along their length for increased strength. Also the channels may be spaced from the side edges of the members and terminate short of the ends of the members to provide an uninterrupted surface area around the entire periphery of the sides to aid in adhering reflective sheeting to one or both sides of the members.	1
Certain embodiments may provide one or more technical advantages. For example, in certain embodiments, a single multi-chamber mask allows a gas to flow to the nasal passages, while at the same time reducing or preventing the gas form flowing to the mouth. Certain embodiments may allow the mask to connect to an oral appliance or provide access to an oral appliance through an opening in the mask. Certain embodiments may provide a custom-fitted mask that conforms substantially optimally to a user's unique facial structure and features. Certain embodiments may provide improved fit, increased comfort, reduced leakage, and improved performance, whether for treating sleep disordered breathing, for administering anesthesia, or for any other suitable purpose for which the multi-chamber mask is used. Certain embodiments may provide all, some, or none of these advantages. Certain embodiments may provide one or more other technical advantages, one or more of which may be apparent to those skilled in the art from the figures, descriptions, and claims included herein.	1
A method of activating a safety joint in a subterranean well is also provided to the art. In one example described below, the method can include: providing the safety joint with portions having end connectors which interconnect the safety joint between sections of a tubular string; permitting elongation of the safety joint, thereby facilitating disconnection of the tubular string sections; and then preventing longitudinal compression of the safety joint.	1
It is the general object of this invention to provide diffusers to divert and diffuse flow through headbox inlets to eliminate streaking problems, and the invention is particularly suited but not limited to headboxes where there are relatively few inlets so that streaking would be more likely to be a problem. One specific object of the invention is to provide a conical diffuser which is highly effective in diffusing stock flow. Another specific object is to provide a diffuser which is angularly adjustable to meet varying siutations. Still another specific object is to provide a series of diffusers for a series of inlets, with the several diffusers being adjustable in unison. Other objects and advantages will appear from the description to follow.	1
Optimal interface materials and/or components possess a high thermal conductivity and a high mechanical compliance, e.g. will yield elastically when force is applied. High thermal conductivity reduces the first term of Equation 1 while high mechanical compliance reduces the second term. The layered interface materials and the individual components of the layered interface materials described herein accomplish these goals. When properly oriented, the thermally conductive fibers of the compliant fibrous interface component described herein will span the distance between the mating surfaces thereby allowing a continuous high conductivity path from one surface to the other surface. If the fibers are flexible and able to move in its tip region, better contact can be made with the surface. This contact will result in an excellent degree of surface contact and will minimize the contact resistance of the interface material.	1
The particular advantage of this design consists in that the cutting tooth becomes increasingly broader, and therefore more robust, in the axial direction on the circumferential side, and can therefore absorb greater forces. At the same time, the fact that the chip flute is designed to be opposite in direction reliably ensures that the chips are taken away rearward in the axial direction, this being of substantial importance in particular in preventing burr formation.	1
Hence, one or more embodiments of the present invention provide a glutathione-containing granular fertilizer that enhances the preservation stability of glutathione and has sufficient strength.	1
By the dynamic alteration of the heights of towering map objects in the navigation map, areas of the navigation map further away from the view position may be displayed in a manner easily understandable for the user. In this way, for example, a route guidance on the navigation map (thus, the route drawn in to the desired destination) may be displayed visibly for the user, even if the route leads around high buildings or unevenness in the terrain which would conceal the route to the destination without the alteration of the height (e.g., reduction of the height). The density of the information needed by the user, which is able to be represented by a display device based on the display signal, may thereby be increased considerably. Moreover, for example, usage safety and/or usage reliability of the navigation device may be increased, since a user is able to recognize early on, in what direction the route to his destination leads	1
The fibers made by the process of this invention are valuable for the manufacture of textiles and the like. In view of their superior elasticity, fabrics made with such fibers exhibit considerable resistance to creasing.	1
The method of forming a graphene structure according to example embodiments facilitates to readily realize a three-dimensional shape of the graphene. The graphene structure can be used for realizing a three-dimensional shape of an electronic circuit, an electronic device, an optical device, or an energy device. Furthermore, the graphene structure can be used for realizing a nano-sized mechanical structure.	1
According to the present invention, the cover is fixed to the container body only by embedding at least a tip portion of the convex portion in the sealing member which has been cured. Accordingly, the cover can be fixed to the container body without using the dedicated fixation mechanism and fixation member.	1
This enables the tray to be used as a container for the blister pack since the pack does not need to be re-positioned in the tray each time a tablet is to be released. Instead, it is simply necessary to move the peg into registry with the next full blister.	1
The use of a low coefficient of friction backup plate with air bearings eliminates the requirement for a plurality of small-diameter rollers. The backup plates stabilize the flexible travelling mold channel in height, configuration, and orientation, and provide belt contact pressure consistently as the flexible belt molds travel from the entry to the exit end of the machine. In addition, the associated problems of wear due to friction, the significant manufacturing costs, and the associated maintenance requirements are likewise eliminated.	1
According to the solution provided by some embodiments of the present disclosure, it is detected that a NFVI layer has a virtual resource pool failure, it is determined that the virtual resource pool failure is correlated to a VNF instance, a NFVI layer alarm which includes identification information identifying that an alarm type of the NFVI layer alarm is a virtual resource pool alarm is generated and sent to a VIM, and the identification information is used for indicating the VIM to send the NFVI layer alarm, the alarm type of which is the virtual resource pool alarm, to the EMS through the VNFM. By virtue of the solution of some embodiments, the problem that the EMS cannot identify the alarm correlated to a VNF instance and generated due to the virtual resource pool failure of the NFVI layer is solved. The effect that the EMS can explicitly identify the alarm correlated to a VNF instance and generated due to the virtual resource pool failure of the NFVI layer is achieved.	1
Yet another benefit resides in one aspect of the anchor device that reduces the overall prominence and profile of the components of the device. A still further benefit is that the relative angular position of the components may be temporarily held during implantation or in anticipation of engagement with a prepared spinal rod. Other benefits can be discerned from the following written description and accompanying figures.	1
In the liquid storage container of this application example, since the first electrode is supported by the support portion, positional accuracy of the end portion inside the storage portion of the first electrode is easily improved. Accordingly, in the liquid storage container, detection accuracy of the remaining amount of the liquid is easily improved. In addition, in the liquid storage container, the side wall of the support portion is positioned between the first electrode and the second electrode. That is, the second electrode is separated from the side wall. For this reason, when a liquid level is lower than the support wall in the vertical direction, conduction between the first electrode and the second electrode is easily cut off. As a result, the detection accuracy of the remaining amount of the liquid is easily improved. In addition, the support wall is formed to be capable of being protruded to the second electrode side further than the meniscus formed in the liquid between the first electrode and the support wall on the second electrode side of the first electrode. Accordingly, connection of the liquid between the first electrode and the second electrode is easily cut off between the first electrode and the side wall. For this reason, when the liquid level is lower than the support wall in the vertical direction, the communication between the first electrode and the second electrode is easily cut off. As a result, the detection accuracy of the remaining amount of the liquid is easily improved.	1
Briefly described, the present invention resides in the discovery of a unique and as yet not fully understood synergistic effect which occurs with the addition of certain sulfur and phosphor compound solutes to that of certain salt solutes when dissolved in thionyl chloride. Galvanic cells employing the resulting electrolyte have been found to have increased cell capacities and coulombic efficiencies.	1
According to the method for manufacturing a liquid crystal panel of the present invention, the following advantages are expected, resulting in improvement in manufacturing efficiency of liquid crystal panels: (A) It is possible to increase the area per unit weight of a polarizing film at least 1.8 times. (B) This is advantageous to transport the polarizing film. (C) It is possible to reduce the lead time for manufacturing a polarizing film at least by 3 to 10 days. (c) It is possible to extend the quality guarantee period of the polarizing film at least by 6 months.	1
The alignment system may comprise a datum calculator suitable for calculating at least one datum of each planar item of a plurality of planar items, a tooling system comprising a location determiner suitable for locating at least one datum of each planar item of the plurality of planar items, for calculating the proper alignment position for the plurality of planar items, and for instructing the tooling system how to form the tooling aid; and a tooling aid formed by the tooling system suitable for positioning the plurality of planar items in a planar substrate lamination apparatus to provide the proper alignment position when inserted in the planar substrate lamination apparatus.	1
The object of the present disclosure is to specify a way in which efficient production of a battery tray having a large surface area and comprising a base plate for holding battery modules in electrically drivable vehicles can be achieved.	1
Another object of the Bed Bug and Roach Trap is to provide a system that is relatively inexpensive to construct.	1
Arrays of long, straight nanotubes can be grown via the methods described herein using a single furnace system, without the need for rapid heating. In a preferred embodiment, the single furnace system comprises a modified CVD reaction chamber which reduces the turbulence of the gas flow of the hydrocarbon source provided during the growth phase. The reduced turbulence creates an enhanced environment for ultra-long nanotube formation. In addition, a raised platform, comprising an underlayer of metal, is deposited onto a substrate. The raised platform allows the nanotube to grow freely suspended from the substrate in the low turbulence gas flow. This reduces any steric force impedance caused by the substrate and enables the nanotube to be grown to lengths on the order of centimeters.	1
That blocking condition can serve as a fall-back position, which is then met if a time, which has elapsed since starting the internal combustion engine, achieves or exceeds a threshold value.	1
The present invention improves the quality of image sensing signals obtained by using an image sensor having a focus detection function on its image sensing plane.	1
Another version of a connection system comprises a collar attachable around an underwater cable and a C-shaped cuff. The collar includes a raised boss on its periphery at a forward end of a circumferential bearing race. The C-shaped cuff has an inner cylindrical surface for riding on the bearing race of the collar. A throat is formed in the C-shaped cuff by a longitudinal gap between the ends of the C. The gap has a width between the ends of the C wide enough to clear the boss as the cuff slides onto and off of the collar. The boss prevents the cuff from leaving the race when the gap is circumferentially offset from the boss.	1
A system and method are described where reactive species may be produced by an atmospheric non-equilibrium plasma (ANEP) in a closed package containing an object to be decontaminated, so as to suppress or eliminate contaminants. The reactive species may be of a short lifetime so as to perform the treatment during a period of time during and shortly after a discharge creating the plasma. Longer lifetime species may remain so as to perform, or to continue to perform, the treatment for an extended period of time. Eventually, the reactive species may be eliminated from the treatment volume by reacting with the contents of the package, the package, or with each other. As the reactive species may be contained within the package, exposure of personnel to such reactive species may be minimized.	1
Also disclosed is a lubricant additive composition comprising a borate comprising an alkali metal borate, an alkaline earth metal borate, or a combination thereof; tungsten disulfide comprising particles having a particle diameter of 4 to 160 nanometers; an anti-scuff agent comprising a metal dithiocarbamate, a metal dialkyldithiocarbamate, a metal dithiophosphate, a metal dialkyldithiophosphate, or a combination thereof; a borate ester; and a base oil. The lubricant additive composition can be used alone or in combination with an additional base oil to provide improved tribological properties, including reduced friction. When used in an engine, such as a motor oil in a gasoline or in a diesel engine, improved fuel economy is provided.	1
An advantage associated with adopting such a combined method is that all excess or surplus molten second metal (if any) will become part of the final workpiece/product in a planned manner, which could assist in strengthening the features formed by the second metal. In addition, as it is not necessary to post-treat any overflow material, the combined method is both environmentally-friendly and cost-saving.	1
The band can be formed of any suitable material and can have any suitable dimensions. In some forms of the invention, the band is a close fit to or about the expansion mechanism and in these forms, the band can be a tight fit. In some forms of the invention, the band can be sufficiently tight and/or of a suitable material such that the band grips the expansion mechanism against slipping relative to the expansion mechanism during insertion of the rock bolt into a bore. This is highly desirable to prevent the band from slipping off the anchor during transport of the rock bolt or the anchor from the place of manufacture or storage, to the point at which the rock bolt is attached to drive machinery for insertion into a rock body. The band can be a sufficiently tight fit, and/or of a sufficiently thin wall thickness and/or of a sufficiently flexible or malleable material, to conform to the external shape of the expansion mechanism, including at least partially entering one or more recesses, openings, spaces, voids or depressions formed in the external surface of the expansion mechanism.	1
In at least one form of the present invention, a surgical stapling instrument can include an actuator knob which can be moved from one side of the stapling instrument to another side in order to reposition the actuator knob without having to reposition the stapling instrument within a surgical site. In various embodiments, a stapling instrument can include a staple cartridge having at least two rows of staples stored therein, a pusher bar, a staple driver operably engaged with the pusher bar, wherein the staple driver can be configured to eject the staples from the staple cartridge, and an anvil configured to deform the staples when they are deployed from the staple cartridge. In at least one embodiment, the stapling instrument can further include a housing having a first side and a second side and, in addition, an actuator knob rotatably mounted to the pusher bar wherein the actuator knob can be configured to be rotated between a first position in which the actuator knob can be moved along the first side of the housing and a second position where the actuator knob can be configured to be moved along a second side of the housing.	1
In another embodiment, the present invention relates to a method of treating a blood clotting or coagulation disorder in a subject, the method comprising the step of administering to the subject a CTP-modified coagulation factor, comprising three to five chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) attached to the carboxy terminus of said coagulation factor, thereby preventing hemophilia in said subject.	1
As apparent from the description above, according to the MOSFET of the present invention, there can be provided a MOSFET capable of reducing on resistance by improving channel mobility even when the gate voltage is high.	1
The present invention is directed to connecting rack-mounted data devices to a data network(s). The invention reduces the cabling required to connect such rack-mounted devices to network switches or other devices and improves the use of available equipment space. In this manner, cabling complexity is reduced, the space required for such cabling is reduced, and improved ventilation for cooling the network devices is provided. The invention also facilitates improved network connection redundancy so as to avoid or reduce the effects of failures at any network connection point.	1
Affixed to the under surface of the stationary bed proximate its rear end are first and second bracket pairs between which a control arm and a support arm are pivotally connected. At the free end of the control arm is a cam follower roller and, as the load support member moves to a point where the guide rollers leave the guide sleeves, the cam follower roller enters a cam track on a first cam member affixed to the stationary bed. With rearward movement of the load support member, the cam follower roller elevates and thereby lifts the control arm to a point where a second cam member actuates a spring-loaded, cam-actuated locking pin that acts to latch the control arm to a latch bracket affixed to the underside of the load support member. Once so latched, the control arm causes the load support member to pivot about the support arm with continued movement of the slide member causing it to ultimately tilt to a somewhat vertical disposition and clearing the body of the vehicle on which the present invention is mounted. When in the tilted position, ladders or other load items affixed to the load support member are easily reached by a worker standing on the ground at the rear of the vehicle.	1
One of the features of the invention is that the number need not be printed on the CD version of the book, thus requiring the user to have physical possession of the entire book in order to consistently unlock the digital content on the CD. Using words on the page allows a user to see the words in the CD version, once they open the book. Thus, varying the word position and page necessarily requires the user to have physical possession of the book.	1
One object of the present invention is the provision of an apparatus and method for the installation and integration into a standing seam metal roof deck of a baffle plate having a throughgoing ducting channel (e.g., a ventilation shaft) in such a manner that the baffle plate may be easily and readily installed on the roof deck, and in such a manner that the structural integrity and rigidity of the roof deck and the standing seams thereof will not be impaired.	1
The use of the alpha acid or hop oils content enhancer of the invention can increase the content of a hop alpha acid or a hop oil conveniently and effectively and thus can improve an added value of a hop.	1
As mentioned above, the present invention has an effect to provide a hydroformylation method in which a specific α,β-unsaturated carbonyl compound is put into a hydroformylation reaction to prevent alkyl phosphite decomposed from a phosphite ligand from acting as a catalyst poison, thereby to improve a reaction yield and to inhibit decomposition of ligand and catalyst.	1
In block 815 , the inverse problem solver selects a number of beam directions. The inverse problem solver can select the beam directions based at least in part on a configuration of proton beams of a therapy system, patient positioning, efficiency considerations, practical considerations, computational considerations, or any combination of these. In some embodiments, the inverse problem solver selects the beam directions based at least in part on input received from a user. The selection of beam directions can reduce the complexity of the inverse problem. Reducing the complexity can result in faster computational times and fewer possible treatment plans for a user or physician to review.	1
In addition, since the shear connector is integrally provided from the manufacture of the FRP bearing deck module, it is possible to achieve the firm structural composite between the FRP deck panel and the concrete slab without the troublesome work and the costs.	1
Additionally, and among other benefits, illustrative examples describe herein provide stabilizing support for lateral structural members during fixing of collar components, with a beam docking structure.	1
The wall panel, in accordance at least with one embodiment of the invention, is made from a core of wood plastic composite (WPC) material covered with a laminate which is bonded to the core by means of adhesive. The resulting panel is water-impervious and the system does not require the use of joining extrusions between the panels when a plurality of panels are placed next to each other. This simplifies installation and reduces cost. The combination of materials in the panels themselves results in a panel which is not only water-impervious but also has excellent insulating characteristics which will help retain room temperature and reduce wall panel surface condensation.	1
Another benefit of the products of this invention is that they may offer a softer feel of the applicator material due to the modification of the applicator surface caused by the presence of the wax phase. The products moreover offer gentler cleansing because of less friction of the applicator on the skin (softer skin-feel).	1
When the needle-punched mat containing the hot-melt adhesive is passed through a heated press, the adhesive will melt into a highly sticky liquid that will be distributed throughout the entire thickness of the mat. This can generate a hardened wood-like material with a high level of consistency, uniformity, and strength. Accordingly, by allowing a manufacturer to eliminate the need for expensive two-component liquid adhesives that will release gas bubbles shortly after the two components are mixed, this method can reduce the total costs of the building materials that are being manufactured.	1
A server silo may run existing applications: that is, applications do not have to be modified to run in the server silo. The applications installed in the server silo do not need to be modified because the server silo's name space is renamed or remapped so that references within programs do not need to be changed. For example, a reference to a file at “\SILO\SILO1\WINDOWS” may be mapped or renamed to “\WINDOWS” in the server silo's view. Each server silo may be created by performing a separate “mini-boot” of user-level services within the server silo. The single OS image serving the computer employs the mechanism of name space containment to constrain which server silo(s) can use which resource(s). Restricting access to resources is therefore directly associated with or based on the process or application placed in the server silo rather than on who is running the application because if a process or application is unable to resolve a name used to access a resource, it will be unable to use the resource. Management of the computer may be divided up. Certain administrative tasks may be delegated to a server silo administrator who can control his own server silo but cannot affect other server silos running on the same system. Server silos enable a less privileged administrator to handle routine management of the server silo running that administrator's applications, striking a balance between isolation and flexibility. Server silos enable multiple instances of the same application to run on the same system.	1
An embodiment of the invention relates to a method for designing either a customized, multifocal, alternating style translating contact lens or a simultaneous vision style correcting lens, and the providing such a lens to a presbyopic patient. The method comprises the steps of positioning, with respect to a patient's eye, a multifocal trial lens that is representative of an actual lens to be provided to the patient, wherein the trial lens has a correction of approximately a distance defocus power of the patient's eye; making a first wavefront aberration measurement of the patient's eye with the trial lens in position, at a viewing distance equivalent to optical infinity; making a second wavefront aberration measurement of the patient's eye with the trial lens in position, at an artificial optical near point viewing distance; and using the first and second wavefront aberration measurements to approximate a best form wavefront correction to be applied to the contact lens, whereby the patient's presbyopic vision is improved. It will be clear to a person skilled in the art that the step of positioning the lens with respect to the patient's eye has alternative aspects. For example, if the lens to be provided is a translating style, alternating vision type contact lens, the position of the representative trial lens will be on the patient's eye. In a different aspect where the lens to be provided is a simultaneous vision style correcting lens element, the lens element can be a contact lens that will be positioned on the patient's eye; however, if the simultaneous vision style correcting lens element is an IOL, the representative trial lens will be suitably positioned in an optical path of the wavefront sensor device used to make the wavefront aberration measurement. The wavefront aberration measurements are preferably made along a central axis of the trial lens. The best form wavefront correction will provide an optimum retinal image metric, preferably a Point Spread Function (PSF) having a single intensity peak or a Strehl ratio having as large a value as possible, for example. Other retinal image metrics known to those skilled in the art can also be used. The near point viewing distance wavefront measurement should be in the range of about 30-50 cm and will typically be approximately 40 cm. For the case of a translating style, alternating vision type correcting contact lens, the near distance measurement is obtained by inducing a down gaze of the patient's eye to produce the trial lens translation similar to that of an actual translating multifocal contact lens when worn by the patient. In an aspect of this embodiment, use of the wavefront sensor in designing and fitting a translating style multifocal contact lens will allow the practitioner to monitor the retinal image metric for optimum presbyopic vision while adjusting, e.g., residual spherical aberration in the lens that will result in the best overall vision for the patient while providing an acceptable depth of field to the patient.	1
A fourth continuing object of the invention is to provide a belt buckle that is easy to fasten and remove.	1
At least one additional advantage of at least one embodiment is high molar absorptivity sometimes referred to as Alpha and/or molar absorption/extinction coefficient.	1
In a preferred embodiment the water absorbing material with the absorbed water substantially fills the entire chamber. Hereby the heat cushion does not have a tendency to form water gathering when the cushion is used as a heat compression thus ensuring an evenly distributed heat transfer from the heat cushion.	1
Some embodiments of the inventive concept provide a method of blowing a fuse structure that includes a conductive line on a substrate, first and second vias on the conductive line and spaced apart from each other, a cathode electrode line electrically connected to the first via, and an anode electrode line electrically connected to the second via. The conductive line includes a first material having a first electromigration rate and the first and second vias and the cathode and anode electrode lines include a second material having a second electromigration rate that is higher than the first electromigration rate. The method may include letting a voltage difference occur between the cathode and anode electrode lines; moving a portion of the second material of the cathode electrode line through the first via, the conductive line, and the second via to the anode electrode line in order to increase a width of the anode electrode line; and forming a void in the first via to blow the fuse structure.	1
Interfaces with a larger area are more prone to deviations from surface planarity as manufactured. To optimize thermal performance, the interface material should be able to conform to non-planar surfaces and thereby lower contact resistance.	1
As mentioned above, the second metal layer 1206 may cover only part of the bays formed on the first metal layer. As shown in FIG. 15, a cover 1302 formed of a first metal layer is formed with a shallow bay 1304 along the periphery. Molten second metal is then molded on the first metal layer to form a second metal layer, in such a way that part of the bay 1304 is covered by the molten second metal. Hashed areas 1306 shown in FIG. 15 are areas of the thin 1304 not covered by the molten second metal. During the molding process, the bay 1304 receives the molding material (i.e. molten second metal) and performs air-venting function for leaking air generated during the molding process.	1
The present invention provides an interferometer capable of avoiding interference noises and easily adjusting the arrangement of a measuring object. A shape measuring method using the interferometer is also provided.	1
Similarly, the hind articulating support elements extends into the hind legs with leg sections 50 and into the tail with upper section 52 . As with the forelegs, the hind legs are positionable using the cup and ball joints in the articulating support element in a forward or rearward extended position or curled to simulate the dog lying down or extended straight for a standing position. The upper element allows positioning of the tail in a desired form; upright, curled or back as may be desired or as appropriate for the breed of dog simulated by the purse.	1
Another embodiment of the present invention provides compositions which are particularly well-suited to operate as paint or coating preservatives which are effective in preventing rust formation on coated surfaces. Such compositions may include organic acids such as sorbic acid, salts of sorbic acid and/or derivatives thereof such as potassium sorbate and extracts natural gums or waxes such as beeswax, vegetable wax and/or extracts or derivatives thereof.	1
Preferably the stationary vanes conform with the swept profile of the beater wherein the space in between the stationary vanes and directional vanes is substantially constant along the effective length of the stationary vanes. Advantageously, by maintaining a substantially constant separation, the scraping action of the spaced vanes is effective over their entire co-acting area.	1
The present inventors carried out intensive research to overcome the drawbacks of the prior art, and found that the drawbacks can be overcome by using, as a photosensitizer, a benzopyran condensed ring compound capable of increasing photosensitivity to visible light with a wavelength of 480 nm or more. The present invention has been accomplished based on this finding.	1
The invention is also based, in part, on the insight that both energy utilization time shifting and creating preferred input conditions to increase heating efficiency and reliability can be further facilitated by controlling the system according to a preset time schedule (schedule of operation mode). This schedule typically uses a controller or processor configured to anticipate both the users' normal hot water demand patterns (often as a function of time) and the various system performance characteristics.	1
The present aerodynamic golf club head solves these issues and results in a high volume aerodynamic golf club head having a relatively large FB dimension with beneficial moment of inertia values, while also obtaining superior aerodynamic properties unseen by other large volume, large FB dimension, high MOI golf club heads. The golf club head obtains superior aerodynamic performance through the use of unique club head shapes defined by numerous variables including, but not limited to, a crown apex located an apex height above a ground plane, and three distinct radii that improve the aerodynamic performance.	1
Accordingly, one objective of the present invention is the inhibition of the formation of polymers of carbonyl compounds in a caustic scrubber; a benefit of this is the inhibition of fouling that occurs due to oxygenated hydrocarbons. Another objective of the invention is to dissolve the polymers in a caustic scrubber which are formed in spite of the inhibitory action, as well as to dissolve the polymers that exist in the scrubber. One objective of the invention is to reduce the concentration of oxygenated hydrocarbons, particularly carbonyl compounds in caustic or amine towers used in the chemical industry, and equipment and products thereof. Yet another objective of the invention is to scavenge oxygenated hydrocarbons without posing polymerization problems and without interfering with plant operations, nor with individual process operations. Still further objective of the invention is to provide an inventive product which can be premixed with the caustic that is used for making the scrubbing solution. Yet further objective is to develop an inventive combination of chemicals that react with nonpolymerized carbonyl compounds, with low molecular weight species, and with high molecular weight carbonyl polymers, such that the reacted adduct is soluble in the caustic solution, thereby preventing plugging and fouling of the equipment.	1
Accordingly, it is the object of the invention to propose apparatus for preventing fluid spray at leakage areas of a fluid pipe, which apparatus reduces or entirely removes at least some of the disadvantages described above. In particular, it is an object of the invention to propose apparatus in which uncontrolled spraying of a highly pressurised hydraulic fluid is prevented. It is a further object of the invention to prevent fluid spray formation.	1
The filling yarn inserter of this invention is useful in circular weaving machines as described in applications, Ser. No. 882,387, filed Dec. 8, 1969, which is also a divisional application of parent application Ser. No. 793,921, filed Dec. 31, 1968. The main drive gear support has affixed thereto a plurality of vertically aligned filling yarn inserter drive gear supports and a circumferentially arranged disjointed rail. The filling yarn inserter drive gears are vertically journaled for rotation in the filling yarn inserter drive gear supports. These gears are rotated by the motion of the main drive gear. Each segment of the support rail encompasses a short arc about the outer circumference of the main drive gear support and is positioned immediately above each of the filling yarn inserter drive gears. The filling yarn inserter is adapted to simultaneously engage the circumferentially arranged disjointed rail and at least one of the filling yarn inserter drive gears. The filling yarn inserters are mounted extending radially inward toward the vertical axis of the apparatus between the aforementioned fabric compactors. The filling yarn inserters and the fabric compactors move in unison in horizontal planes normal to the axis of the apparatus and are adapted to be extendable and retractable to enable weaving of fabrics of varying diameters upon the surface of a given shaped mandrel. The warp yarns are aligned to pass freely between the plurality of filling yarn drive gear supports without engagement therewith by means of the heddle array provided by the comberboards.	1
The invention provides expression constructs and methylotrophic cells that express heterologous proteins, as well as methods to produce heterologous proteins. The cells advantageously produce a significantly higher titer of heterologous protein compared to prior expression systems. The DNA constructs are designed to drive gene expression under the control of highly active methanol-inducible promoters and can be integrated at various loci in the genome that enhance protein production. Furthermore, signal sequences of efficiently secreted proteins can be incorporated into the constructs to produce cells resulting in an increase in the titer of protein produced.	1
Accordingly, the present invention is directed to a non-volatile memory and a manufacturing method and an operating method thereof, wherein the charge-trapping layer is disposed inside the DRAM for it to be volatile. In the present invention, the manufacturing process is simple and the cost is reduced.	1
Other specific objects of this invention are the provision of improved rod chairs which are simple and inexpensive in the manufacture thereof and readily used to support reinforcing rods prior to the pouring and setting of the concrete therearound.	1
At least one advantage of at least one embodiment is good photovoltaic performance including efficiency (including power conversion efficiency), fill factor, open circuit voltage, and/or short circuit current, and combinations thereof.	1
The present invention provides a novel solution to imparting backspin on high lofted golf clubs. The present invention seeks to define a class of scoreline patterns that result in a higher density of scorelines along the bottom perimeter of an iron face. This in turn, results in increased spin on a golf ball when struck low on the face.	1
The air consumption of the weft blowing nozzle has been decreased even so far that there would be no objections to feeding it continuously. Thus the air supply control means associated with the intermittently supplied weft blowing nozzle hitherto used may be eliminated, which means a considerable simplification. In a particularly simple and economical embodiment according to the invention, the weft blowing nozzle, connected in a continuously energized air supply circuit, constitutes at the same time the tensioning injector.	1
It will be appreciated that the method according to the present invention can be employed with various types of filamentary materials, for instance multi-filaments (endless yarns), mono-filaments, fiber filaments and chopped-fiber ribbons. It is particularly advantageous for synthetic plastic filamentary materials of the earlier mentioned synthetic plastics.	1
Further, new codon containing nucleic acid of the present invention can be designed. For example, the present novel artificial nucleic acid base is set as X and Y, combination thereof such as XXY, XYX, YXX, a combination by themselves, and AXA, TYT, CGX, ATX, which are combination of base of natural nucleic acid and artificial base of the present invention. Such codons can be designed. New codons can code natural amino acid, or non-natural amino acid. Further, functions such as transcription, transfer can be coded. Accordingly, the present invention not only provide novel artificial nucleic acid, but also providing possibility of designing completely new genetic code by designing new codon containing nucleic acid of the present invention.	1
In this disclosure, systems and methods are provided which bring improvements to the arts of constructing and operating safety joints. One example is described below in which a packer connected to the safety joint is prevented from setting after the safety joint is activated. Another example is described below in which a safety joint is prevented from longitudinally compressing after it has been elongated.	1
A principal object of the present invention is to provide a wellhead system that allows the use of either of two casing hangers depending upon whether the casing string to be suspended becomes stuck during installation and cannot be lowered to its expected depth.	1
In one aspect of the invention, the method comprises applying an effective hair-enhancing amount of a bioactive glass composition to the hair for a sufficient amount of time such that the hair is coated with the bioactive glass composition. The coating comprises a film comprising silicon, calcium, and/or phosphorus ions which may interact with the hair. Additionally, sodium or other ions released from the bioactive glass composition may be present. The hair after application of the bioactive glass composition is smooth and silky with increased body.	1
Another aspect of the present concept includes a method of manufacturing a food processing machine, including the steps of disposing a motor within a base and operably connecting a lower coupler to the motor, with the lower coupling extending upwardly from the motor. A cylindrical jar lock is spring-mounted to the base, with the cylindrical jar lock positioned radially outwardly from the lower coupler and permitted to move over a predetermined vertical range with respect to the base. A jar assembly with a jar and a collar is formed. The collar is adapted for removable mechanical engagement with the cylindrical jar lock. An upper coupler extends downwardly from the jar and is adapted to removably mechanically engage the lower coupler.	1
The present invention is therefore based on the object of designing in particular the method step of cooling in connection with the spinning of microfilaments from thermoplastic polymers with an individual capillary titer of less than I dtex/filament with the aid of a suitable device in such a way, that the number of spinning interferences is reduced and microfilament yarns with improved textile-mechanical properties and more uniform dye absorption result, wherein the equipment and production costs should be reduced, if possible.	1
The multilayer papery material can also be used to form containers having an actual shape, made stable by the rigidity of the material to bending. This rigidity can also be positively used during the making of the container and during the use of the container when filling. During these stages, which are generally effected by machine, the multilayer cardboard sheet, possibly punched, folded and glued to form a flattened container, is withdrawn by a traditional automatic packaging machine which, to open it, to position it correctly in front of the filling station and then to close it, subjects it to a series of stresses of extremely variable type and extent, such that by being made from a substantially indeformable material able to react to every type of stress, the packaging machine is able to operate thereon under more driven conditions in terms of rate, reliability and type of stresses.	1
Provided is a system and method that enables a user to manage a computer desktop by eliminating clutter. An enhanced desktop tool enables the user to select and/or define rules for managing the windows in the user's desktop. The rules are selected or defined in one of several manners. For example, a user can choose desktop management options via a desktop properties dialog. In some embodiments, a method of desktop management is based upon the mix of applications present on the desktop or based upon the preferences of the user as learned by the corresponding GUI by means of observing which windows the users tends to minimize.	1
In one embodiment, the viscosity of the second polymer is between about 4,000 and 120,000 cP measured at 170° C., more preferably between about 4,000 and 16,000 cP. In one embodiment, elongation at break is greater than about 200%, more preferably greater than about 400%. In one potentially preferred embodiment, the second polymer has a lower melting temperature than the first polymer. This aids in allowing the second polymer to flow into the interstices and penetrate into the first polymer. In one embodiment, the second polymer has a cohesion strength of at least about 1 MPa, more preferably greater than about 4 MPa. Having a cohesion strength in this range provides a polymer that resists tearing. In one embodiment, the viscosity of the second polymer is between about 0.005 to 10% the viscosity of the first polymer measured at 170° C., more preferably about 0.1 and 10%. The large difference in viscosity is believed to help facilitate the structural adhesion between the first polymer and the core and the filling of the interstices of the fibrous layers by the second polymer. Generally it has been found that an increase in the molecular weight leads to an increase in the cohesion strength and the viscosity of the polymer. The first polymer provides the strength of the reinforcement and is expected to have a high molecular weight and hence a higher cohesion strength and viscosity. The second polymer penetrates into the first polymer at least slightly and aids in processing. The second layer also fills the interstices of the fibrous layers to provide additional reinforcement. In one embodiment, the tensile modulus of the second polymer is greater than about 0.1 MPa, preferably greater than about 0.5 MPa and most preferably greater than 1 MPa. The percentage by weight of the second polymer to the total weight of the fiber is between about 0.25% wt and 50% wt, more preferably between about 1% wt and 25% wt. In one preferred embodiment, the second polymer comprises a metallocene catalyzed propylene-ethylene co-polymer.	1
Further, according to the present invention, the progression of myopia is modified by precise, predetermined control of the off-axis optical corrective factors, or aberrations of the corrective device, or the combined off-axis optical aberrations of the eye and corrective device, such that the visual image has a peripheral field image location that is positioned more anteriorly to (or in front of) the peripheral retina (i.e. towards the cornea or the front of the eye) than normally in the uncorrected condition or with traditional correction devices or strategies while the central field image location is positioned near the central retina (i.e. the fovea). This arrangement minimizes or eliminates the stimulus for eye axial elongation leading to myopia. And since the device does not introduce any central field defocusing (as are, for example, introduced by under-correction methods, or bifocal or progressive optical devices) the devices of the present invention provide the wearer with good visual acuity. Thus, the invention offers the benefits of retarding progression of refractive error while substantially simultaneously maintaining a clear, useful critical vision for the wearer.	1
The process in accordance with the present invention will therefore achieve essentially the same results as a prior art scheme with a significant reduction in the size and cost of the polymer separation unit required and a significant reduction in utilities requirements and costs. Estimates of some of the savings for the process in accordance with the present invention are set forth in Table VII.	1
Furthermore, multiple exposures can be prevented since the next pulse light emission can be prohibited until two successive pulses for reading-out the odd and the even images are generated after the pulse light emission.	1
Compared with a thawing device with a fixed thawing power in the prior art, the present invention has the advantages that the real-time working power of the radio frequency generation module is adjusted according to the temperature of the object to be processed to prevent the object to be processed from being excessively thawed and further ensure the quality of the object to be processed.	1
Embodiments of the polishing composition including an iron containing accelerator may further include a stabilizer. Without such a stabilizer, the iron containing accelerator and the oxidizing agent may react in a manner that degrades the oxidizing agent rapidly over time. The addition of a stabilizer tends to reduce the effectiveness of the iron containing accelerator such that the choice of the type and amount of stabilizer added to the polishing composition may have a significant impact on CMP performance. The addition of a stabilizer may lead to the formation of a stabilizer/accelerator complex that inhibits the accelerator from reacting with the oxidizing agent while at the same time allowing the accelerator to remain sufficiently active so as to promote rapid tungsten polishing rates.	1
In one embodiment, a tailgate damping system for controlling movement of a tailgate assembly of a vehicle includes a speed sensor that provides rotational speed information of a tailgate shaft of the tailgate assembly. A controller receives the rotational speed information from the speed sensor. A damping control assembly receives the tailgate shaft. The damping control assembly includes a housing comprising a rotor chamber including a rotor member located therein. The rotor member is connected to a rotor shaft that is coupled to the tailgate shaft. A valve chamber includes a control valve located therein. The controller closes the control valve to inhibit exit of a damping fluid from the rotor chamber based on the speed information received from the speed sensor.	1
According to the process of this invention, chloroacetyl chloride is achieved as an end product with a content of dichloroacetyl chloride contaminant of below 0.5 percent by weight from a raw product having a content of up to 10 percent by weight of dichloroacetyl chloride.	1
A method for improving the water vapor transfer efficiency of polyolefin fabrics which were originally hydrophobic but after several use cycles of wearing, soiling and washing become less hydrophobic and even hydrophilic has been discovered. Instead of a normally deteriorating or diminishing contact angle with water over time with resultant reduced hydrophobicity, that polyolefin process of the present invention maintains its original hydrophobic property of having a contact angle with water of at least 90 degrees over time and use. The processed hydrophobic polyolefin provides the advantage of remaining hydrophobic over time and through repeated use cycles of wearing, soiling and washing. The open pores of a processed hydrophobic polyolefin can do a better job of directing water vapor away from the skin than the semi-occluded pores of an unprocessed polyolefin that had become less hydrophobic or even hydrophilic over time and use.	1
An important feature of the invention resides in the use of two pairs of mounting rails on opposite sides of the combine hood, the forward pair of rails being offset below the rearward pair of rails and each pair of rails being engageable by separate mounting brackets on the straw chopper, whereby the chopper can be easily mounted on the rails by sliding the chopper along the rails a relatively short distance. Thus, at least a portion of the chopper rotor can be placed within the hood above the level of the lower edge of the rear wall before the brackets engage the rails, thereby allowing the chopper to be mounted higher within the hood.	1
In some versions of the invention, when a supply electrode or post is first selected for use, the control console generates information indicating which complementary cannulae can be used with the selected supply electrode or post. This makes it easier for surgical personnel to quickly determine which complementary component should be selected for use with the selected component.	1
According to the configuration described above in the first aspect, the bit of the tool held by the tool post is angled such that the longitudinal axis of the bit is disposed in a position tilted away from the X axis direction and closer to the horizontal axis in the plane containing the X axis and the Y axis, and the controller can perform the turning operation while causing the tool and/or the workpiece to be moved relative to each other in the direction of the longitudinal axis of the bit in accordance with the shape and/or weight and/or the like of the workpiece. Therefore, if an appropriate tool with a bit of which the longitudinal axis is oriented in a desirable direction is held by the tool post in accordance with the shape, weight and the like of the workpiece, then the turning operation can be performed with the tool post fed inwardly of the workpiece in the direction of the longitudinal axis of the bit, so that the machining can be carried out with increased accuracy. Furthermore, in this configuration, the tool post should not necessarily be provided with two or more tool mount portions or the like designed to hold the tool in directions different from each other, so that the turning operation performed while changing the in-feed direction of the tool can be made possible without upsizing the tool post and the lathe as a whole.	1
Once the cylinder 100 has been removed from the cylinder housing, the plug assembly 200 can be removed from the shell 101 for re-pinning. In order to re-pin the plug assembly 200 , a user rotates the cover plate 220 from the closed position to the open position, wherein the cover plate 220 may be retained by the ridge 215 . The user removes at least some of the springs 204 and the rack pins 240 from the cavities 214 . The user may simply rearrange some of the rack pins 240 (i.e., by placing at least some of the rack pins 240 in different cavities 214 ), may replace one or more of the rack pins 240 with new rack pins, or a combination thereof. The springs 204 are then placed back into the cavities 214 , and the cover plate 220 is rotated back to the closed position, where the cover plate 220 is retained by the ridge 215 . The user next inserts the plug assembly 200 into the shell 101 (or another shell of the same, similar, or different format), inserts the cylinder 100 into the cylinder housing, and rotates the plug assembly 200 and the control member 130 to a position in which the control lug 132 prevents removal of the cylinder 100 from the cylinder housing. Because the plug assembly 100 is self-contained, there is no need to position springs and driving pins in the shell 101 during assembly, thereby reducing the time and complexity of the pinning process.	1
This invention is a mechanism to convert bi-directional input from a door operator, such as a lever, knob, thumb turn, slider, etc. to a uni-directional output for input to a centercase assembly for a narrow stile door exit device. This mechanism is easily configurable to use on left hand or right hand doors.	1
With the method for manufacturing natural rubber of the present technology, the gel component in the natural rubber can be reduced by adding at least one type of sulfonic acid selected from the group consisting of a monoalkyl sulfonic acid, a polyoxyethylene alkyl ether sulfonic acid, and an alkylbenzene sulfonic acid expressed by the Formulas (1) to (3) to the natural rubber latex. By manufacturing the natural rubber in a manner in which moisture is removed from the mixture, viscosity of the natural rubber can be lowered and processability thereof can be enhanced.	1
In the present invention, the use of the aromatic ring-containing (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) as the (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) makes it possible to prevent the occurrence of unevenness after heating and to improve durability performance and other various physical properties in a well-balanced manner. In particular, the use of the specified ionic compound (B) in combination with the aromatic ring-containing (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) makes it possible to improve durability and other various physical properties in a particularly well-balanced manner in the present invention.	1
The inventive graphite for nuclear applications is created by a completely new approach to the production of large blocks of highly isotropic high-purity graphite. The novel process includes milling high-purity raw (i.e., not calcined) needle coke such as petroleum-derived needle coke into a fine powder, mixing the fine coke powder with binder pitch, subsequently milling the mixture into a molding powder, isostatically molding the powder into the desired shape of the graphite component, and thus, baking, densifying, and graphitizing the green article to produce a high-purity highly isotropic graphite. Indeed, the graphite produced in accordance with the inventive process can be characterized as near-isotropic, meaning it has an isotropy ratio of no greater than about 1.15, or even isotropic, meaning it has an isotropy ratio of no greater than about 1.10. Advantageously, the impurity levels of the graphite produced by the inventive process are so low that purification is not necessary, thereby achieving significant cost savings.	1
Another embodiment of the present disclosure is drawn to processes that include containers having specially shaped edges. For example, cups may include a top edge having a contoured lip or roll. This forms a more desirable drinking surface and makes it easier to connect the cup to a lid.	1
According to this construction, the lift plate of the ejection mechanism is positioned away from a tape cartridge seated on the seat portion when it is in a standby state. Therefore, the tape cartridge is used for printing in a state seated on the seat portion, and the lift plate receives the tape cartridge from the seat portion as it moves upward, to lift the same from the cartridge compartment. The seat portion is fixedly arranged, so that the tape cartridge seated on the seat portion is stably and accurately positioned for printing.	1
The present invention has been conceived in view of the above problems of the conventional technologies, and it is an object of the present invention to provide a membrane with bumps that is capable of providing electrical contacts with high accuracy and allowing electrical circuit tests to be stably conducted even when such membrane is used repeatedly, in tests of electrical circuits formed on a semiconductor wafer, a liquid crystal display panel, a solar battery, or the like, even in the case where electrodes on such electrical circuits have narrower pitch intervals therebetween and thus there are an increased number of electrodes.	1
The communications gateway can also establish the link to the asynchronous middleware communications system after a predetermined amount of time. Alternatively, the communications gateway can establish the link when it receives special values in the data received from remote field devices. For example, a remote field device needing repair may send a special message that can prompt the communications gateway to establish a link with the asynchronous communications system. In other cases, remote field devices could send a change code in their data that can prompt the communications gateway to establish a link. Irrespective of the condition that causes the communications gateway to establish a link with the asynchronous middleware communications system, the communications gateway is designed to establish the link on a periodic basis in order to conserve resources and opposite to a link that would provide constant communication to the asynchronous middleware communications system. According to one exemplary aspect, by establishing a link to the asynchronous middleware communications system on a periodic basis, the communications gateway can substantially reduce operating costs and increase efficiency especially in environments in which fee-based cellular phone networks are used as the link to the asynchronous middleware communications system.	1
Further, the steel plate is uniformly ironed to be thinner, with higher strength due to work hardening, to form the components of the vehicle body from this steel plate, thereby achieving the weight reduction of the vehicle body. Also, the steel plate is ironed to form the parts having different plate thickness, and using this steel plate, a plurality of components of the vehicle body can be integrated into one component, or the weight reduction of components can be achieved.	1
Further, the washing machine may control the RPM of the pump supplying water to the nozzle even though the nozzle is oriented in a fixed jet direction. Accordingly, the washing machine may vary the jet width and upper limit of jet span of the nozzle by controlling the flow rate or water pressure of water supplied through the nozzle.	1
It is also contemplated that the various covers and bases described herein may have varying shapes and sizes. For example, the dispenser may be provided with a square cross-section, a circular cross-section, a hexagonal cross-section, or any other geometric cross-section. It is preferred that the base and the cover have a symmetrical shape such that the cover can be attached to the base regardless of its orientation. Further, it is preferable to include a plurality of covers that may be interchanged and provided with one or more bases to provide users the ability to choose a desired cover that is both functionally and aesthetically pleasing.	1
Detecting a change in the current behavior of the recipient can be carried out on the basis of at least one signal indicative of the behavior of the recipient of the food and/or beverage. These signals may be produced by sensor units, for example a microphone unit for providing acoustic signals (such as signals representing sound produced by the recipient), a radar unit and/or a camera unit for producing signals representing movement and/or the posture of the recipient, and a radar unit and/or a pressure sensor unit for producing signals representing vital signs of the recipient, such as the recipient's heartbeat and/or respiration rate. In the case of babies, for example, a moisture detection unit for producing signals representing moisture loss of the recipient may be advantageous. The sensor units are preferably located near the recipient, for example within a few meters, or placed on the recipient's body. Some sensors, such as pressure sensors for sensing movement and/or posture, or moisture sensors, may be placed in or on the recipient's bed or seat, possibly in addition to placement on or near the recipient's body.	1
The subject matter disclosed herein includes a coating for medical implants, in particular vascular stents, which, because of its inert, glass-like surface with silicon dioxide, largely prevents the growth of cells of the body or attachment of such cells, which, because of its hardness, counteracts damage when the implant is introduced into the body, therefore simplifying the handling, which, because of the thinness of the coating, permits a simpler design of the implant, has reduced friction as a result of low roughness levels and therefore a smaller impact on blood components and lower coagulation formation and in which there is no degradation of the coating whatsoever, even after a longer stay in the body.	1
The disclosure also provides a sewing machine including a sewing unit driving a first moving mechanism moving an embroidery frame in a first direction and a second moving mechanism moving the embroidery frame in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction, the second moving mechanism being drivable simultaneously with the first moving mechanism, a processor and a memory configured to store embroidery data moving an embroidery frame and computer-readable instructions that, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform processes including calculating a sewing time in which a first moving mechanism and a second moving mechanism are driven to move the embroidery frame in a first direction and a second direction perpendicular to the first direction thereby to sew the embroidery pattern or a value contributing to the sewing time, based on the embroidery data; determining an angle relative to the first or second direction, at which angle the embroidery pattern is sewn, based on the calculated sewing time or the value contributing to the sewing time; and driving the first moving mechanism and the second moving mechanism to sew the embroidery pattern, based on the determined relative angle.	1
Additionally, according to the invention, since the shear connector is integrally provided in the transverse direction of the FRP deck panel, the transverse rigidity of the concrete composite bearing deck is further increased.	1
Every other edge on the hexagon shaped pieces is preferably provided with a female edge and the alternating edges on the pieces are provided with male edges so that adjacent pieces interlock by inserting a male edge on one piece into a female edge of an adjacent piece. The male edges are preferably ribbed and slightly larger than the openings of the female edges so that after the male edge is inserted into the female edges the rib will secure or lock the two pieces together. The opening of the female edge would be smaller than the male edge and being plastic, it would expand as the male edge is inserted into it and then would resume its normal size after being snapped together, thereby locking itself to the male edge.	1
Hardware holes may be molded completely through the members from one side to the other for added strength and ease of hardware installation. The channels are interrupted where the hardware holes are molded through the members.	1
Yet another advantage is that no additional surfactants, in particular non-ionic surfactants have to be added to the aqueous phase reducing the total organic carbon content (TOC) of the waste water.	1
In certain examples, a food processing machine for processing a food product includes a housing defining a cavity, a conveyor with a belt comprising metal for conveying the food product through the cavity in a longitudinal direction, and a convection heating system for heating air in the cavity such that heated air heats the food product as the food product is conveyed through the cavity. A microwave launch box system is configured to emit microwave energy into a cavity in a lateral direction transverse to the longitudinal direction to thereby further heat the food product as the food product is conveyed through the cavity.	1
In accordance with the invention, new and improved asphalt emulsions are provided for the economic manufacture of products made from asphalt emulsions, such as products used in the building industry and as a coating material. In particular, the invention provides for fibrous mats and roofing materials that are made from asphalt emulsions and that have excellent tear resistance and tensile strength. The invention further provides for cost effective processes of manufacturing fibrous mats, which may be lighter in weight than conventional fibrous mats used in the building industry.	1
Yet another embodiment of the present invention provides compositions which are particularly well-suited for use as a bath or dip to prevent rusting of metal surfaces, wherein such compositions may include organic acids such as sorbic acid, salts of sorbic acid and/or derivatives thereof such as potassium sorbate and natural gums or waxes such as beeswax, vegetable wax and/or extracts or derivatives thereof.	1
Furthermore, the flat surface 454 engages with the facet 503, and the flat surface 455 with the facet 504. Thus, the wrench 40 can exert a greater torque on a head of a bolt than a conventional wrench can.	1
Additionally, and among other benefits, illustrative examples described herein minimize assembly steps and time, simplifying collar connection by locating fastening bolts such that a reduced number of bolts can provide desired connection strength.	1
An object of the present invention is to provide a method and circuit for reading data from a ferroelectric capacitor in a stable manner by securing an adequate reading margin even if the ferroelectric capacitor loses some of its polarization.	1
An intra-operating system isolation/containment mechanism, called herein a silo, provides for the grouping and isolation of processes running on a single computer using a single instance of the operating system. A single instance of the operating system enables the partitioning and controlled sharing of resources by providing a view of a system name space to processes executing within an isolated application environment called a server silo. A system may include a number of silos (i.e., one infrastructure silo and one or more server silos) and a number of system name spaces. An infrastructure silo is the root or top-level silo to which the entire system name space is visible. Each isolated application environment or server silo may be provided with its own view of a system name space so that only a subset of the system name space is visible to the server silo. Thus, a set of related and/or non-conflicting applications may be installed in one server silo and another set of conflicting applications may be installed in a second server silo. Because each server silo “sees” a different subset of the system name space, and in addition, may have its own set of silo-specific files, applications that would otherwise conflict with each other can run simultaneously on the same machine without conflict. Thus, multiple server silos can be used to isolate or separate different sets of applications enabling a number of conflicting applications to be run on the same computer without experiencing the problems which typically ensue from running conflicting applications on the same computer. Applications can be added to a server silo or removed from a server silo without impacting the infrastructure silo, other server silos or the applications that run in the other server silos.	1
Accordingly, it is an object of this invention to provide a process for preparing vinylically chlorinated olefins, selectively and in good yields, from inexpensive, readily available, and easily handled raw materials.	1
A further advantage derived from the apparatus of the invention is that, since the nozzle and sprue chamber while integral in the sense that the nozzle is a part of the sprue chamber, can be optionally changed as the latter chamber can be threaded into the portion of the apparatus in which the plunger forces molding composition, and so different injection nozzle shapes and sizes and nozzle-sprue chamber designs can be interchanged readily and rapidly. This advantage makes possible combined sprue chamber and injection nozzles as a separate fitting for existing molding composition feeds, and wide variations can be achieved with the same feeding mechanism without requiring extensive rebuilding of the overall apparatus. All of this is achieved with the other major advantages of the present invention, namely, eliminating sprue chamber waste, better control of plasticity of the material, independent temperature control within the nozzle, and the other factors leading to higher output.	1
And, the semiconductor single crystal manufacturing apparatus of the invention has a length of at least either of the seed holder or the coupling member determined so that, when the seed crystal which is attached to the seed holder is at a position to come into contact with the melt, the exposed portion of the wire at the proximity of its tip end is positioned in a range of less than a prescribed temperature in a high-temperature atmosphere within the furnace. Therefore, even if the seed holder is at the melt-contacting position, the wire's exposed portion is located out of the high-temperature atmosphere in the furnace of the chamber, so that the wire can be decreased from being deteriorated locally.	1
It is an object of the present invention to provide a platform door device capable of reducing a time required for a replacement operation in the event of damage to a panel-shaped portion of a door.	1
An insulation coating excellent in the tension induced by a coating, moisture-absorption resistance, rust resistance, and lamination factor can be formed on the surface of a grain oriented electrical steel sheet, and thus the reduction in the magnetostriction of the grain oriented electrical steel sheet and further, the reduction in noise pollution can be achieved.	1
In another aspect, the present disclosure relates to a computer system of providing portion isolation design to a chip design having a plurality of portions. In certain embodiments, the computer system may include: a processor, and a memory storing computer executable instructions. In certain embodiments, the computer executable instructions may include: a pin group utility module and a portion wrapper insertion utility module. The pin group utility module groups a predetermined number of pins of a chip into certain number of pin groups and generates a pin group file based on the pin groups. The portion wrapper insertion utility module creates a portion boundary wrapper chain and inserts the portion boundary wrapper chain created into the chip design file of the chip to facilitate partial-good portion isolation test of the chip.	1
It is an object of the invention to provide improved elements and arrangements thereof in an apparatus for the purposes described which is inexpensive, dependable and fully effective in accomplishing its intended purposes.	1
With an actuation as shown in FIG. 20, the valve 200 can be opened. The actuation according to the present embodiment comprises buckling of the diaphragm 214 due to a radial force 218 , for instance an applied pressure. As can be seen from FIG. 20, the fixing device 216 is elastic and deflects under the radial force 218 . The deflection of the valve seat 210 under applied pressure results in the same advantageous effect of a reduced gap and therefore is beneficial to close the valve 200 .	1
It is an additional object and advantage of the present invention to provide a method for forming biomedical surfaces having nanoscale topography that provides faster, stronger and more robust interfacial adhesion to biological systems.	1
Fluid end pump 110 is driven by hydraulic pump 200 , and hydraulic pump 200 is driven by electric motor 300 . Conductors 46 in spoolable tubing 40 provide electrical power downhole to motor 300 , which powers the rotation of motor driveshaft 320 , hydraulic driveshaft 298 , and wobble plates 270 . As plates 270 rotate, hydraulic fluid in pump chambers 220 , 230 is cyclically supplied to pistons 255 via slots 272 , compressed in pistons 255 , and then passed to shuttle valve assembly 130 of fluid end pump 110 via branches 215 , 216 and passages 214 , 117 , 113 . Shuttle valve assembly 130 alternates the supply of compressed hydraulic fluid to chamber sections 121 b , 125 b , thereby driving the reciprocation of fluid end pump pistons 122 , 126 . Use of hydraulic pump 200 in conjunction with fluid end pump 110 offers the potential to generate the relatively high fluid pressures necessary to force or eject relatively low volumes of well fluids 15 to the surface 11 . In particular, hydraulic pump 200 converts mechanical energy (rotational speed and torque) into hydraulic energy (reciprocating pressure and flow), and is particularly deigned to generate relatively high pressures at relatively low flowrates and at relatively high efficiencies. The addition of fluid end pump 110 allows for an isolated closed loop hydraulic pump system while limiting wellbore fluid exposure to fluid end pump 110 . This offers the potential for improved durability and reduced wear. The fluid end pump only has minor hydraulic losses and for the most part is a direct relationship to the pressure output of the hydraulic system. In addition, the variable speed output capability of the system allows for variable pressure and flow output of the fluid end pump.	1
In another advantageous aspect of the invention, the fixing means comprise at least one fixing catch forming an outside fixing profile, and the holding means comprise at least one holding recess forming a holding profile designed to come into fixing engagement with the fixing profile. Advantageously, the holding means further comprise locking means designed to cooperate with the fixing means (catches) to lock the fixing profile in engagement with the holding profile. Preferably, the holding recess forms a locking surface designed to urge the fixing catch so as to push the fixing profile against the holding profile. In a practical embodiment, the locking surface faces radially outwards relative to the outlet axis X, the fixing catch forming a cam surface radially facing towards the outlet axis, said cam surface being in engagement with the locking surface. Also for practical reasons, the dispenser head has three fixing catches disposed on either side of and below the outlet axis X, when the inlet faces downwards. Advantageously, said at least one holding recess comprises an insertion window defining an inner edge and an outer edge relative to the outlet axis, said outer edge defining a snap-fastening inside shoulder forming said holding profile, said outside fixing profile coming into snap-fastened engagement with said snap-fastening inside shoulder. The fixing catches with their outside fixing profiles thus extend around the sealing lip, and forming the fixing profiles on the outsides or on the outside peripheries of the catches also makes it possible for the shutter to be removed naturally from the mold by moving the mold portions apart. This does not apply when the fixing profiles are provided on an inside wall or face towards the outlet axis. In which case, the shutter is removed from the mold by applying force, which often damages the fixing profiles. The resulting fixing quality is lower. As for the locking means, they guarantee that the locking profiles are fixed irreversibly or in tamper-proof manner to the holding profiles.	1
Various methods have been developed for growing CNSs on fiber substrates, or otherwise affixing, adhering, bonding or otherwise attaching CNSs to fiber substrates to form carbon enhanced reinforcement (CER) fiber. The CNSs grow radially outward from the fiber substrates in a random and structurally entangled manner, forming a percolated network as they grow. Percolation is the formation of well connected pathways of conductive media. The CNSs may remain directly bonded to the individual fiber substrates throughout processing, such that the fibers act as a scaffold to assist in dispersing CNSs throughout a dispersion media. By grafting or otherwise bonding or adhering individual CNSs to the fibers, the CNSs are pre-dispersed over the surface of the fiber substrate. If the CNSs are not adhered to a substrate, the attractive forces of the CNSs tend to cause the CNSs to agglomerate. It is believed that growing the CNSs on the substrate, or otherwise tethering, grafting, bonding the CNSs to the substrate, aids in the dispersion of the CER in a media and thereby the overall formation of a percolated network. It is believed that including the CNS directly on a fiber substrate tends to reduce the tendency of the CNSs to aggregate and clump together. Nevertheless, it is desirable to further improve and control the dispersability of CER fiber.	1
It is an object of the invention to provide a novel combination of cycloaliphatic and high boiling aromatic esters which, used as ingredients of textile-processing agents, particularly for polyester fibers, eliminates one or more otherwise conventional processing steps without impairing the ultimate properties of the fiber treated therewith.	1
According to the optical module of the invention, it is possible to prevent dusts, which have entered the gap between the inner housing accommodating the circuit substrate and the outer housing, from intruding further into the depth of the gap.	1
With the above arrangement, a closed system is provided wherein the lubricating medium will be circulated through the bearings 10« and 106, the lubricating medium being supplied to the bearing inlets in each case under pressure, and removed from the bearing outlets by the application of suction. Piling up or clogging of the lubricating medium within the bearing structures is thus prevented. Operation of the system is enhanced by the mixing functions performed by the pumps 16 and 16', and the manner of returning and withdrawing the lubricating medium with respect to the tank 13.	1
The above-described exemplary systems and methods of playing a card match game facilitates stimulating, exercising, and training a players' eyes and brain to process visual perception to facilitate identification of missing objects in a timely manner. It should be appreciated that the exemplary system and methods may alternatively be computer-implemented.	1
The advantage of this invention is that, in the event of operational irregularity of a lift car, the brake device can be used quickly by means of a mechanical connection means or the traction means and, after its use, can be brought back into its position of readiness again quickly. For this purpose, the brake unit is designed in such a way that it is in the open position when no actuator force FA prevails, and the connection means is formed by the traction means, since a rapid and reliable actuation and also, again, an easy resetting can thereby take place. Moreover, this device has very low noise, since, when the lift system is in operation, no pumps or the like have to be in operation. Further, the device has simple application, since it can easily be checked and understood by a specialist. This is due only to the fact that the principle of this brake device has been known and has proved successful for a long time in bicycles.	1
In order to reduce deposition of organic materials in a papermaking process, various types of inhibitors are added to the papermaking process. The inhibitors serve to reduce/eliminate deposition of unwanted organic materials in a papermaking process. For example, there are many anti-pitch or anti-stickies treatments that are currently employed to reduce deposition of the organic materials. Therefore by using the protocols of this invention, the efficacy of these inhibitors can be determined. More specifically, paper chemistry programs may be developed based upon information obtained from the monitoring procedures of this invention. Moreover, feedback protocols may be developed to provide not only monitoring but control of chemistry added to the papermaking process so that the process becomes more cost-efficient, more efficacious, and produces a better paper product.	1
The present invention relates to a self-cleaning litter box which provides various advantages over the prior art. In particular, in one embodiment, the self-cleaning litter box is configured to use a disposable cartridge that is pre-filled with litter and configured to both provide litter and contain waste, thus eliminating the need for the user to dean the litter tray and handle heavy litter supply containers. In other embodiments, the system includes a rake assembly configured with a drive assembly that is protected from contamination. In accordance with another embodiment of the invention, the self-cleaning litter box includes a rake assembly which includes a plurality of spaced apart tines that is configured so that all types of litter including crystal type litter can be used.	1
According to the present invention, a portion of the abutment projection ( 36 ) at least other than the inclined surfaces is set, by the return spring ( 38 ), in position (centered) to be caused to overlap the engaging projection ( 31 ) as viewed in axial direction. Therefore, when the engaging member (R) is to make engagement, the engaging member is caused to abut the inclined surface of the abutment projection ( 36 ) of the annular plate member ( 35 ) before the engaging member engages the engaging projection ( 31 ) on the inward protrusion ( 30 C) of the gear (n). Further, the inclined surface of the abutment projection ( 36 ) of the annular plate member ( 35 ) is made of a bottom-side inclined surface ( 36 pb ) having an inclination angle allowing engagement with the engaging member (R), and a top-side inclined surface ( 36 ps ) having an inclination angle which does not allow engagement with the engaging member (R) but allows sliding movement of the engaging member (R). Therefore, when the engaging member (R) in a largely protruded position abuts the bottom-side inclined surface ( 36 pb ) of the abutment projection ( 36 ), the engaging member (R), while abutting the inclined surface, causes the annular plate member ( 35 ) to turn against the force of the retun spring ( 38 ) and then engages the engaging projection ( 31 ) of the gear (n). On the other hand, when the engaging member (R) is in a protruded position to a small extent, the engaging member (R) abuts the top-side inclined surface ( 36 ps ) of the abutment projection ( 36 ) but in sliding contact with the same, and overrides the top-side inclined surface ( 36 ps ), whereby the engaging member (R) is prevented from being imposed with an excessive local load, and the engaging member (R) that has overridden the abutment projection ( 36 ) can abut the abutment projection ( 36 ) coming next in a largely protruded position.	1
In accordance with embodiments of the present invention, the X-ray detector and the driving method thereof may remove the residual image and maintain the offset level of the photodiode appropriately and stably.	1
In yet another aspect of the present invention, a method of delaying a signal is provided. The method includes, for instance, providing a delay element that is insensitive to one or more vulnerabilities of a power supply of the delay element; and employing the delay element to delay the signal.	1
The method for monitoring water consumption of a washing machine in the present disclosure achieves accurate detection of the water consumption of the washing machine without increasing the cost, and displays the calculated water consumption value to the user so that the user visually obtains power consumption information, which facilitates developing a good habit of washing machine usage and saving water.	1
The invention is also based, in part, on the insight that the heating load of the water heater can be modified by using a heating-control storage tank, as described herein, to achieve optimized operation. Such heating control-storage tanks can be used to shift the heating load timing from a time where the hot water is required to a time where heating energy is either cheaper or more available.	1
Although the systems and methods are described with respect to agricultural equipment, it is envisioned that these systems and methods can also be applied to other suitable industrial equipment and processes for target-specific application of fluid to objects that cannot be synchronized in time or distance. The systems and methods described herein can minimize the fluid wasted between target objects by sensing a target object some time or distance prior to application, tracking the projected time of application, and delivering the fluid directly to the target object. Further, the systems and methods described herein can track multiple target objects between a detection point and an application point.	1
The YF 3 dramatically increased the glass forming domain allowing the introduction of up to 60 mol % of YF 3 , and improved the optical properties such as higher Emission Cross Section from 0.87 to 1.37 pm 2 at lasing wavelength of approximately 996 nm, extremely high Gain Coefficient G=0.95 to 1.65 ms*pm 4 and Quantum Efficiency of about 90-94%. These improvements further enhanced the performance of the overall radiation resistant by improving the optical characteristics of the radiation resistant optical components such as radiation resistant laser host material and fibers. The LaF 3 Lanthanum Fluoride dramatically improves the Abbe Number (dispersion) to 64-68 and reduces the chromatic aberration by about 20-30%. Stable Abbe Number and low chromatic aberration is extremely important for the radiation resistant lenses. The above improved characteristics due to the introduction of LaF 3 further enhances the accuracy and the precision of the radiation resistance lenses and allows the creation of smaller and flatter lenses. The reduction of the sizes of the lenses increases their overall application in different industries, including optical based electronics systems. The presence of BaF 2 +RFx(YF 3 , LaF 3 , CaF 2 , MgF 2 , and BiF 3 ) effectively increases the chemical durability of the laser material. In the grouping of glasses according to chemical stability of non-silicate glasses relating to humidity or moisture, the optical components of the present invention are considered to be stable.	1
The present invention provides a fiber loading apparatus which effectively loads fibers within a fiber suspension, and which is compactly constructed and arranged to occupy less physical space.	1
The bracket is configured to dampen deceleration loads applied to the object by converting displacement of the object away from the surface into a load-dampening interference fit between the fastener and the slot in the bracket. By way of example, the surface that the first leg is attached to can be a flexible surface, and the object can be attached to the surface by the bracket. For instance, a fastener can be inserted into the slot and through a hole in the object. When a deceleration load is applied to the object, the deceleration load can cause the object to move away from the surface while the bracket remains attached to the surface. As the object moves away from the surface, the fastener can move with the object and slide within the slot. The bracket is configured such that, as the fastener slides within the slot, the fastener widens the slot into a width that is equal to a diameter of the fastener. For example, the fastener can extrude or plastically deform the slot. This deformation process controls the displacement of the object away from the surface and also dampens the displacement load applied to the bracket.	1
In view of the problems with coloring process byproducts being toxic or environmentally unfriendly, and being costly to prepare for disposal, it would be beneficial to have a new coloring composition that does not have these problems. It has now been found that a noble gas in the supercritical fluid state (e.g., supercritical noble gas) can be used as a non-toxic colorant composition that can dissolve, suspend, or absorb a colorant and apply a colorant to an article of manufacture. The use of a supercritical noble gas coloring composition has minimal to no harmful effects on the environment or on human health. Additionally, noble gases can be easily separated from the coloring process byproducts by converting the noble gas back to its gaseous state such that the byproducts from the coloring process remain as solids or liquid. The gaseous noble gas can then be removed from the liquid and solid byproducts by venting the gas out of a vessel that retains the liquid and solid. Evaporation of the noble gas may also be useful for removing the noble gas from the byproducts.	1
The present invention provides improved techniques for reducing interference in a broadband powerline communication system whereby knowledge of the spectrum characteristics of a local radio environment are used in order to improve the performance of a BPL system. In accordance with the principles of the invention, a determination is made of the spectrum characteristics of a radio environment in the vicinity of a broadband powerline communication system that is transmitting data on modulated carrier frequencies. Since the frequencies used by the broadband powerline communication system are shared with other users, and not used exclusively by the broadband powerline communication system, knowledge of spectrum usage by potentially conflicting users may be used to reduce interference. More particularly, certain ones of the carrier frequencies otherwise used by the broadband powerline communication system may be masked (i.e., not used) by all or part of the broadband powerline system in order to avoid interference.	1
In another embodiment, described herein are compounds and compositions comprising series of alcohol, diol, and carbohydrate-substituted indenoisoquinolines. In another embodiment, described herein are the syntheses of these series of alcohol, diol, and carbohydrate-substituted indenoisoquinolines. In another embodiment, described herein are biological evaluations of these series of alcohol, diol, and carbohydrate-substituted indenoisoquinolines. In another embodiment, compounds described herein, including aldopentose and aldohexose-derived indenoisoquinolines, show activity across a panel of cancer cell lines. In another embodiment, compounds described herein show potent Top1 inhibitory activity when compared to camptothecin. In another embodiment, several of the compounds herein display potent Top1 poisoning and antiproliferative activities.	1
The invention significantly reduces the time and effort spent in the bugfixing cycle, reducing software vendors' internal costs. It also increases customer satisfaction by reducing bug fix turnaround time, and frees up software vendor's development resources for less mundane and more creative work, such as product enhancements, new features and products.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a control interface which facilitates the easy creation of user interfaces.	1
Further, the load impedance of the radio frequency generation module is calculated by detecting the incident wave signal and the reflected wave signal of the electrical connection wire connecting the radio frequency generation module to the upper electrode plate, and the radio frequency generation module is small in occupied space and low in cost and is especially suitable for the thawing device in the refrigerator. Furthermore, the load compensation module makes the difference between the load impedance of the radio frequency generation module and the output impedance of the radio frequency generation module be within a preset range, thereby improving the thawing efficiency of the object to be processed.	1
Another embodiment relates to a system including hardware components in a computer system, installed software in the computer system, configuration settings indicating configuration conditions for the hardware components and the installed software, and programmed instructions. The programmed instructions are configured to identify implemented configuration changes in the computer system, collect performance metrics associated with the computer system having the identified implemented configuration changes, and weight effectiveness of the identified implemented configuration changes.	1
The present invention provides an image processing apparatus and an image processing method capable of easily implementing preservation of tone properties by a simple configuration at the time of performing density adjustment independently on a plurality of density ranges.	1
As discussed above, according to the embodiments of the invention, a commercial included in a television broadcast can be reliably detected.	1
A magnetic recording apparatus can be referred to as a hard disk drive (HDD) and includes a slider that flies above a disk by using air as a lubricant (an “air bearing”). For example, a disk can be placed on a spindle motor that can rotate and a negative pressure air-lubricated bearing slider can be attached at a suspension to correspond to the magnetic disk. The negative pressure air-lubricated bearing slider can be moved by an actuator that pivots so that the slider moves to a desired position on a track of the disk. The disk used as a recording medium has a circular shape and different information can be recorded on each track. In general, to obtain desired information, the slider moves in search of a corresponding track on the disk. The disk can have a magnetic layer that is susceptible to physical and/or chemical damage. To help mitigate such damage, such a disc often has a coating such as Diamond-like Carbon (DLC) as an overcoat to help protect the magnetic layer from physically and/or chemically induced damage.	1
It is another aspect of the present invention to provide a plurality of dividing walls within the storage case. One embodiment of the present invention employs a horizontally situated wall having a hole therethrough that receives the above-described tube extending from the cradle, and which provides additional lateral stability to the tube. A plurality of selectively adjustable walls which are vertically-oriented, horizontally-oriented, or a combination thereof are provided that allow the user to selectively allow the storage configuration of the camera case.	1
The biaxially positioned solar panel 250 is able to have the equivalent motions of the single axis solar panel 5 through the controlled motions of its horizontal axis drive motor 264 , but panel 250 is also able to follow the azimuthal position of the sun 47 from sunrise to sunset by the motions of its vertical axis drive motor 257 . This positioning capability markedly enhances the energy collection efficiency of the biaxially adjustable solar panel 250 over a conventional fixed solar panel by ensuring full intensity exposure of the panel during daytime. This in turn leads to possible reductions in battery and solar panel size, with resulting economies.	1
Radix Puerariae is pre-treated by means of a short-time (2-4 min) nonpolluting steam explosion technique. The heat mechanical chemical action of the steam explosion breaks cell walls of plant tissues, damages structures of the solid material i.e. Radix Puerariae, and raises the dextrinization rate of Radix Puerariae starch. The steam exploded Radix Puerariae can be fermented directly to produce fuel ethanol. The pre-treatment of Radix Puerariae with the steam explosion technique avoids a long-time steam boiling procedure (30-120 min) of the raw material starch, reduces the energy depleted in the fermentation for producing ethanol, shortens the period of production, and decreases the cost of production.	1
In view of the problems described above, it is the object of this invention to provide a front frame of the wheel mounted type, which bears low cost and high reliability and durability by reducing the number of parts and welds of the upper frame constituting the upper portion of a front frame and by improving the center accuracy of pivot openings formed in the upper frame.	1
If however the containers formed from the multilayer papery material of the invention are not to be folded flat while awaiting make-up, to be then opened up, but are already shaped in their final form for use, the invention enables suitable stacking shapes to be studied, which because of the container indeformability allow easier stacking and likewise easy destacking.	1
One or more embodiments of the present invention stably performs high speed cutout processing by separating a character string into individual characters accurately, with simple processing.	1
The present inventors have conductive intensive studies in order to solve the problems of the prior art, and as a result, have discovered that a semi-transmissive pattern and a saturated pattern as column spacer patterns having different shapes can be formed simultaneously from a composition comprising a radical polymerization inhibitor, which has been used only in terms of sensitivity and storage stability, through a slit or semi-transmissive mask by varying the kind and content of the radical polymerization inhibitor, and that the semi-transmissive pattern is thinner than the saturated pattern because the semi-transmissive pattern receives a smaller amount of light and is less cured by the radical polymerization inhibitor than the saturated pattern, so that the size of the semi-transmissive pattern can be controlled as desired without changes in the sensitivity and size of the saturated pattern. The present invention has been achieved based on this discovery.	1
In addition, the sound level loss problem of the multi-channel audio signal can be prevented by modifying the energy levels of specific channels of the multi-channel audio signal, and downmixing the modified multi-channel audio signal, to generate a downmix signal.	1
As disclosed herein, a plug has a collapsed or running in position so it an be run in a well, such as a hydrocarbon well, and an expanded or operative position where a deformable seal is pressed against the inside of a casing string or well bore in the case of an open hole packer. Such plugs include the deformable seal, slips that anchor the plug in a desired position, some way allowing manipulation of the tool so it can be expanded from the running in position to the operative position and a back up ring to restrain deformation of the seal so it efficiently expands against the casing string.	1
It is an aspect of the embodiments discussed herein to provide a system that retargets animation from source to destination characters and minimizes artifacts that can occur.	1
The techniques disclosed herein provide acoustic reflector indicators for enhanced processing of oilfield borehole logging data. For example, the techniques may be utilized for purposes of adjusting data processing parameters at a computer center. In this, an indication of possible acoustic reflectors provides the capability for a data processing technician to reduce data processing time by focusing on the specific data interval that should be processed. For example, if logging data has been acquired over a couple of thousand feet of depth, but the techniques disclosed herein indicate that the acquired data has only a couple of hundred feet of possible reflected waveform data, the computer center can run the data processing on just the area having the possible reflected waveform data and eliminate unnecessary processing of data that do not have the desired waveforms.	1
The board-like members of the present invention are blow molded to include relatively high strength reinforced cores that permit the wall thickness of the members to be made less than conventional extruded boards and still have substantially the same strength and stiffness as conventional extruded boards having the same width and overall thickness. The cores are formed by molding a plurality of longitudinally extending, laterally spaced aligned channels or grooves in oppositely facing sides of the members and joining the inner end walls of the aligned channels/grooves together during the blow molding process.	1
Silica is the most common substrate as a HPLC packing materials and is available in a wide variety of types (e.g., totally porous and superficially porous), pore sizes, surface areas and particle diameters (e.g., sub 2 to greater than 10 μm). This variety allows its application in wide array of separations. For example, particularly small particles can be used for fast separations, whereas superficially porous particles can be used to improve the speed and efficiency of peptide separations.	1
Embodiments in accordance with the present disclosure provide a process for molding containers that include a pleat. Pleats are advantageous since they allow containers to be molded with larger draft angles for easy removal from molds. The pleats are subsequently folded, thereby forming a seam and a container having a smaller draft angle, a smaller diameter, and a greater height than the mold.	1
It has been found that the fusion protein as reported herein can deliver interferon-alpha to HBV-infected target cells with greater potency than naked or PEGylated interferon. The fusion protein as reported herein is a novel targeted therapeutic delivery platform to provide a treatment for HBV-infected patients with potentially reduced pleiotropic effects of interferon.	1
Alternatively, the water reservoir may be replaced by a thermally insulating shell, which is preferably filled with a thermally insulating, padded and steam absorbent material. The opening formed at the upper end of the front portion in this alternative embodiment is replaced with a plug for sealing the water fill opening of the clothing iron. Thus, water is prevented from exiting the water fill opening of the clothing iron, and any steam released by the clothing iron is received and absorbed by the thermally insulating, padded and steam absorbent material filling the thermally insulating shell.	1
The oval steel cord has different stiffness in the different direction. The stiffness along the major axis of the steel cord is greater than the stiffness along the minor axis. When such steel cord is embedded in the rubber material as the belt of rubber tyre, it will give a good handling, ride comfort and driving stability to the driver. Thus the steel cord is preferably used for reinforcing belt ply of rubber tyre, such as the tyre of passenger car, bus or truck.	1
The present inventors have also discovered another aspect of the synergistic design of patterns is to balance the optical effects of “passive” stain masking with other functional cues. More particularly, while stain masking is an important characteristic, equally important is the ability to detect whether the absorbent article is functioning properly, or whether it needs to be changed. In this regard, the pattern design of the present invention is such that a majority of an interior zone of the absorbent article is generally free of printed graphical objects, in addition to providing the user the ability to better detect the presence of bodily fluids during use, the absence of printed objects in certain areas of the article also further enhances the overall distinctive nature of the patterns, and imparts a feeling of cleanliness to the use for that portion of the product that will be in contact with the user's most intimate areas.	1
A further object of the present invention is to provide a space-treating method whereby multicolor web goods such as carpets may be stored in a treated but undyed state and subjected to final dyeing only after the color combinations and patterns desired by the customer have been ascertained.	1
Once the cartridges have been loaded into the barrel, the device can be positioned to align the barrel with the bore hole. The trigger can then be positioned into a third position which allows air through the inlet but prevents airflow through the outlet. Such trigger positioning thereby forces air into the barrel forcing the piston forward and expelling the resin cartridges into the bore hole. The leading end of the piston can be partially expelled from the first end of the barrel.	1
When the user thus knows that the near_end level has been reached, the user can prepare a replacement cartridge and can replace the cartridge before it becomes empty. Because a certain amount of time is required to go from the near_end level to the empty level, the time when the near_end level is reported for the one and the other ink cartridge can be controlled to substantially the same time, and the user can thus replace both ink cartridges at the same time with little or no waste.	1
In accordance with other features of the invention employing the ink flow rate algorithm, it can be determined if the protective tape has been inadvertently left on the cartridge, or the cartridge has become deprimed. According to other features of the invention, it can be determined if there is sufficient ink flow to print at a desired print setting. If there is insufficient ink in the cartridge to support an ink flow rate at high speed printing, then the system can select a print setting that will support the available ink flow for printing with fewer nozzles. This feature extends the life of the ink cartridge and allows maximum usage of the ink in the cartridge. A much better prediction of when the cartridge will be out of ink can be made, as well as a more accurate determination of whether the cartridge is out of ink. According to yet other features of the invention, a better determination can be made whether either a permanent or semi-permanent printhead is deprimed or clogged.	1
Another example aspect provides methods for transmitting data from a downhole location, the methods comprise obtaining a data unit to be transmitted to surface equipment; transmitting a first part of the data unit using a first the telemetry subsystem and transmitting a second part of the data unit using a second telemetry subsystem. An advantage of some such methods is reduced latency.	1
Embodiments of the present invention relate to a cover for a manhole or similar structure that encapsulates or partially encapsulates an existing cover so as to extend the height of the cover. Generally, a conventional manhole cover is partially or entirely encapsulated in polyurethane to change its outside dimensions to match the environment of an intended location.	1
With this in mind, the present invention is an attempt to provide a superior yarn (1) by improving the interior configuration of the navel member leading to the yarn delivery tube, and (2) by altering the manner in which the aforesaid navel member is constructed. In general, in accordance with the present invention there is provided a cylindrical yarn treating insert which is formed separately, but then fixed in the barrel portion of the navel member. The navel member, as used herein, is defined as the member generally mounted in the rotor cover into which the yarn initially passes as it leaves the yarn collection surface of the rotor and through which the yarn passes as it proceeds to the yarn delivery tube and/or take-up mechanism.	1
Thus, slipping between the serrate surface 431 and the facet 501 and between the serrate face 441 and the facet 502 is avoided. The wearing out of the corners 51, 52 and 53 is avoided.	1
According to the present invention, there can be provided a display device capable of reducing a processing load when mute designation is changed, an image feeding device, a display system, a program, and an information storage medium.	1
In another aspect, the present invention relates to a system for sealing a wellbore. The wellbore has a pipe therein for the passage of fluid therethrough. The system has a BOP positionable about the pipe and at least one seal assembly positionable about the BOP. Each of the seal assemblies has a plurality of blocks positionable within the BOP, at least one actuator for selectively moving the blocks to a contact position surrounding the pipe of the wellbore, and a plurality of pipe seals for creating a seal about the pipe of the wellbore. The seals are carried by the blocks. At least one of the pipe seals in each block is selectively extendable therefrom for sealing engagement about the pipe after the blocks are moved to the contact position whereby the pipe seals are prevented from extending between the blocks as the blocks are moved to the contact position.	1
Embodiments relate to a controllable air inlet for a motor vehicle in which the aforementioned disadvantages are reliably eliminated via simple measures and without additional weight increase.	1
The present invention is a paintball with depressions molded in to create turbulences in the air around the ball as it flies through the air. The turbulence forces the air to hug the ball closely, following the curvature of the ball to the back instead of flowing past it, therefore creating a smaller wake and less drag.	1
The techniques disclosed herein provide acoustic reflector indicators for enhanced oilfield borehole logging. For example, the techniques may be utilized for purposes of adjusting data acquisition parameters at a wellsite. In this, an indication of possible acoustic reflectors provides a wellsite engineer with the ability to adjust acoustic data acquisition parameters based on the possible locations of acoustic reflectors in subsurface formations.	1
Harvested crops, such as peanuts, peas, and the like are typically separated from other plant material that has been windrowed or otherwise prepared in a first step by the threshing action of the harvester. The harvester typically uses an air stream to separate the desirable crop from the unwanted material through weight and terminal velocity. The desirable crop falls through the air stream while lighter material is conveyed and discharged from the rear of the harvester. The desirable crop is then deposited on a sizing conveyor, known as a cross conveyor, that allows objects smaller than desired to fall through the conveyor and onto the ground. As the desirable crop traverses the width of the harvester they are accelerated laterally until they are moving at essentially the same velocity as the cross conveyor until they are discharged against a curved impact plate so that the horizontal motion of the peanuts is redirected vertically down to an air lift conveyor. As the crop collides with the impact plate a portion of the kinetic energy of the peanuts is imparted to the impact plate resulting in a deflection by the impact plate. An impact sensor is attached to the impact plate such that deflection of the impact plate 73 is transferred to the impact sensor where it is converted to an electronic signal which is used in conjunction with the speed of the conveyor to determines the weight of the crop required to cause the deflection measured by the impact sensor. The weight of the crop is compiled to display to the operator real time harvest yields and accumulated harvest weights as the desired crop is conveyed into a holding tank.	1
Another embodiment of the present invention provides compositions which are particularly well-suited to prevent flash rust on metal surfaces, wherein such compositions may include organic acids such as sorbic acid, salts of sorbic acid and/or derivatives thereof such as potassium sorbate and natural gums or waxes such as beeswax, vegetable wax and/or extracts or derivatives thereof.	1
It is a further object and advantage of the present invention to provide a method for forming biomedical surfaces having nanoscale topography that is applicable for use in connection with recessed cavities.	1
Referring now to FIGS. 1, 3 , and 4 A- 4 G, deliquification pump 100 is deployed by rigless deployment vehicle 30 to lift well fluids 14 from the bottom of relatively low pressure wellbore 20 to enhance production. Alternatively, pump 100 may be deployed on standard oilfield jointed tubulars with the use of a conventional workover rig. Well fluids 14 , which may include solid, liquid, and gas phases, are sucked from the bottom of wellbore into separator 400 , which removes at least a portion of the solids from well fluids 14 and outputs substantially solids-free well fluids 15 (i.e., well fluids 14 minus the portion of the solids removed by separator 400 ). Well fluids 15 output from separator 400 are sucked into fluid end pump 110 via conduit 205 , which passes through compensator 350 , motor 300 , and hydraulic pump 200 , and well fluids conduit 116 in distributor 115 . This arrangement serves as another means for removing heat from motor 300 and hydraulic pump 200 as the well fluid 15 passes through the interior of motor 300 and hydraulic pump 200 . In particular, this arrangement forces countercurrent flow of well fluids 15 upward through the center of motor 300 and hydraulic pump 200 , and hydraulic fluid downward about conduit 205 through motor 300 and hydraulic pump 200 , thereby offering the potential for enhanced cooling. This design also eliminates the radially outer shroud commonly used in most conventional electric submersible pumps, which limits the minimum pump outside diameter and minimum size casing through which the pump can be deployed. Further, the center well fluid 15 flow design disclosed herein provides a direct, unrestricted path to fluid end pump 110 . Well fluids 15 supplied to fluid end pump 110 enter pump sections 121 a , 125 a via inlet valves 520 of upper and lower valve assemblies 500 , 500 ′, and are pumped to the surface 11 through coupling 45 and tubing 40 .	1
Certain implementations may provide various advantages. For example, when a search is performed, the geometry of the current design is compared with existing CAD files to find parts that have the most similar geometries. This type of search methodology based on geometric shape has a variety of applications. A company can use the geometric search methodology to search within its own CAD file library. Thus, a designer can quickly and easily locate a similar part previously created within the company. In addition, the geometric search methodology can be used across a company's supply chain to qualify contract manufacturing candidates.	1
If the synchronously saccharified solid state fermentation is utilized to produce ethanol, only a small amount of water is required to be added, which dramatically lowers the water content in the fermented mash. Such method is used to reduce the energy depletion for distillation while increasing the ethanol content in the fermented mash, thereby cutting down the succeeding procedures for disposing water waste, providing conditions for reusing the fermentation residues while performing a clean production and reducing the production cost. So it benefits the comprehensive utilization of Radix Puerariae.	1
In certain examples, a food processing machine for processing a food product includes a housing with a cavity, a first sidewall extending in a longitudinal direction and having a first opening therein, a second sidewall opposite the first sidewall and extending in the longitudinal direction and having a second opening therein, an upstream end wall with an opening through which the food product is received into the cavity, and a downstream end wall with an opening through the food product is dispensed from the cavity. The upstream endwall and the downstream endwall each extend in a lateral direction transverse to the longitudinal direction. A conveyor with a belt comprising metal extends through the opening in the upstream end wall and the opening in the downstream end wall and is for conveying the food product through the cavity in the longitudinal direction. A convection heating system heats air in the cavity such that the heated air cooks the food product as the food product is conveyed through the cavity, and a microwave launch box system emits microwave energy into the cavity to thereby further heat the food product as the food product is conveyed through the cavity. The microwave launch box system has a first launch box assembly coupled to the first sidewall that directs microwave energy in a lateral direction through the first opening toward the second sidewall and a second launch box assembly coupled to the second sidewall that directs microwave energy in the lateral direction through the second opening and toward the first sidewall. The first launch box assembly has a choke plate coupled to the first sidewall that prevents leakage of the microwave energy from the first opening, and the second launch box assembly has a choke plate coupled to the second sidewall that prevents leakage of the microwave energy from the second opening.	1
The following examples may occur to clarify the application of the device according to the invention. If a carding machine according to the prior art which is to be modernized, works at the out-put of 4 Kgs/hour and it is required that the machine be adapted to give an out-put of 20 Kgs/hour, the doffer speed has to be increased five times. In consequence, it is necessary to reduce the doffer speed temporarily for the introduction of the web. The device according to the present invention permits a decrease of the doffer speed from 120 meters/minute to 35 meters/minute. The lower speed is the maximum at which the operator may introduce the web into the drawing apparatus or inlet calendering roller of a coiler. Alternatively, with an output-hour of 10 Kgs/hour, the production doffer speed has to be correspondingly reduced to 17,5 meters/minute. The change gear device with its adjustment plate serves only for adapting the running doffer speed to the required out-put. As is apparent, the speed reduction and drive device may offer a number of different applications. It is moreover observed that the introduction of the above quoted drawing apparatus which permits an increase of the drawing speed by a factor of 2, permits the discharge of the thicker web so that the speed of the doffer may be twice decreased, whereby the present device finds a correspondingly wider range of applications. At the end of the temporary operation, the auxiliary electric motor is changed from 8 to 4 poles and therefore its speed is doubled. It should be observed that the wheel 7 of the doffer drives the feed cylinder X of the carding machine, whereby the doffer cylinder and the feed cylinder X are synchronized. Since the taker-in cylinder L and the drum N are connected with one another by a distinct electric motor, if the speed of the taker-in reduced below a pre-determined level then a centrifugal adjustment device, (that is not represented and forms part of another patent of the same applicant), intervenes to disconnect the feed roller.	1
The diameter of the droplets of fuel, which are injected by the fuel injection device, is reduced by the actuation of the fuel pump corresponding to an increased set point pressure, which leads to an improved fuel-mixture generation in the combustion chamber of the internal combustion engine and consequently to lower emissions. This is particularly important when starting or just after starting the internal combustion engine because the catalytic converter assembly cannot yet yield its full effectiveness in such a phase. An increase in the set point pressure is, however, not permitted in each case according to the invention, but can be blocked contingent upon at least one blocking condition. In so doing, the unnecessary increase in the set point pressure is prevented. Thus, damage to one of the component parts of the fuel system or at least a reduction of the life of one such component by an increase in the set point pressure is likewise prevented.	1
Persons will also appreciate that a product as aforesaid can provide very effective cleaning with actual contact always with the material on the surfaces to be cleaned.	1
Thus, the improved plate herein, becomes drill proof because it breaks the tips of the drill bits, preventing penetration therethrough.	1
An advantage of some aspects of the invention is that a liquid ejecting head that surely prevents the fracture of a piezoelectric element and a liquid ejecting apparatus including the liquid ejecting head.	1
Accordingly, it is an object of an embodiment of the present invention to provide a building system employing a modular structural insulated panel which reduces the need for timely and costly methods and devices to anchor a panel to the foundation or footing. It is a further object to provide a structural insulated panel designed to accommodate a reinforcing rod within a panel cavity while maintaining or increasing the structural and insulative properties of the panel.	1
More particularly, the present invention provides, in combination for use in a plastic laminate: an elongated fiberous reinforcing mat; and, an expanded elongated fiberous surfacing mat having layers of separated intercrossing fibers extending generally longitudinally through the surfacing mat, the surfacing mat having first layers of longitudinally extending fibers including fibers of large diameter adjacent a first surface of the surfacing mat and generally parallel adjacent layers of fibers where the maximum diameter of the fibers of the adjacent layers decrease toward the surface of the surfacing mat opposite the first surface and wherein the surfacing mat is disposed adjacent the reinforcing mat so the first layers including the large diameter fibers are in contiguous relation with the reinforcing mat.	1
The same folding and unfolding principle can be applied to machines other than air seeders.	1
This reliably avoids the situation where an excessively large quantity of items for drying is loaded onto the drying rack and parts of the items for drying can fall off the drying rack and get in between the drying rack and drum, and/or where parts of the items for drying come into contact with the moving drum and are damaged on account of the constant movement during the drying operation.	1
A further advantage is to have further tubes surrounding the gripping and locking tubes, which operate and move the rings when they are to be used by sliding movement, which sliding movement can be provided by a threaded rotational member. preferably the suture thread runs through the instrument and cooperates with a needle laparoscopic instrument, whereby one part of the thread is already present in the instrument before a stitch and whereby the other end of the thread is easily gripped by the instrument for the subsequent joining of the threads for performing a stitch. In all a very versatile and time-saving instrument is obtained.	1
The present invention has been devised in view of such circumstances. Specifically, it is an object of the present invention to provide a secondary battery in which a restriction on an installation location of an external terminal can be avoided.	1
As described above, the backlight units according to embodiments of the present disclosure can guide the slight movements of the liquid crystal panel 7001 in the upward, downward, left and right directions and fasten the liquid crystal panel 7001 , using the fixation portions, which include optical member fixation portion 2100 , the optical member support portion 2200 and the multipurpose fixation portion 2300 , and one of the panel support/guide member 3000 and the panel-support/sheet-fixation pad 5000 . In other words, the backlight units can fasten the liquid crystal panel 7001 without using the guide panel, unlike the related art backlight unit. As such, the guide panel can be removed and furthermore a narrow bezel can be realized.	1
Therefore, the engaging member (R) can engage the engaging projection ( 31 ) of the gear (n) without being imposed with an excessive local load thereto.	1
In some aspects the proximal filter and the distal filter are both self-expanding. The proximal filter and the distal filter both may comprise an oblique truncated cone shape. Movement of the proximal sheath relative to the proximal filter causes the proximal filter to expand and deploy against the inside wall of a first vessel. The distal filter is then advanced through or adjacent to the distal shaft and distal articulatable sheath into expanding engagement against the inner wall of a second vessel. In some embodiments, a tethering member extends from the proximal sheath to the proximal filter to help draw the proximal filter opening toward the first vessel wall.	1
The object of the present invention is to essentially reduce the problems mentioned above and to provide a method that will efficiently ensure the flatness of a vane.	1
This invention provides an improved drafting roller construction which comprises an elongated supporting roller having an outside cylindrical surface and a plurality of axially spaced circumferential grooves extending inwardly from the outside surface and the construction also comprises a cot having an inside surface defined by a plurality of continuous alternating channels and projections extending along its full length. The cot is fixed to the roller with adhesive means which also defines a plurality of high strength ridges on the roller and a plurality of interlocks with each interlock extending into the cot and roller at the junction of each groove and channel to assure that the cot is fixed securely in position relative to the roller.	1
Thanks to this invention, the upper scoop contributes fully to the compacting contrary to the upper scoop of European Patent Publication No. EP 2384999 A1 wherein its small size and its low inclination in the deployed position do not allow it any contribution to compacting other than anecdotal. The fact that the upper scoop contributes fully to the compacting makes it possible to reduce the size and the weight of the lower scoop. Furthermore, the presence of a sliding front apron is avoided, which makes it possible to reduce the weight of the compacting system.	1
Turning now to the drawings, configurable dive masks in accordance with embodiments of the invention are illustrated. Divers often wear dive masks in order to protect their face and enhance vision while underwater. Dive masks are commonly made of a relatively clear lens (such as a tempered glass plate or a composite lens) and a skirt of rubber or silicone that forms a watertight seal with the diver's face. In addition to the dive masks, divers often have a variety of additional equipment such as, but not limited to, one or more air tanks, rebreathers, dive computers, and sensors. Divers often need to keep track of data about the dive and/or their equipment while submerged. This can be data regarding pressure, depth, dive time remaining, time to decompression, oxygen time remaining, nitrogen tissue load, or any other piece of data that is relevant to the diver. Information may need to be interpreted in different ways depending on the type of dive, such as, but not limited to, free diving, shallow diving, or deep diving. Such information can be used to help ensure the safety of the diver. Dive devices, such as, but not limited to, the equipment carried by divers as described above, can generate dive device data including (but not limited to) data that describes this information. The dive device data can then be shown on a display that is integrated into or attached to the configurable dive mask. In many embodiments, the dive device data is transmitted to a dive mask worn by a second diver to alert the second diver. In this way, a second diver can be alerted to the dive conditions being experienced by the first diver. For example, a dive instructor can be notified when a dangerous condition is occurring with a student's equipment.	1
In another embodiment, a method of controlling operation of a tailgate assembly of a vehicle is provided. The method includes measuring speed of a falling tailgate assembly as the tailgate assembly moves from a closed configuration to an open configuration using a speed sensor. Speed information of the tailgate assembly from the speed sensor is provided to a controller. A fluid pressure level within a rotor chamber of a damping control assembly receiving a tailgate shaft of the tailgate assembly is increased. The damping control assembly includes a rotor chamber including a rotor member located therein. The rotor member is connected to a rotor shaft that is coupled to the tailgate shaft. A valve chamber is also provided by the housing including a control valve located therein. The controller closes the control valve to inhibit exit of a damping fluid from the rotor chamber based on the speed information received from the speed sensor.	1
An object of the present invention made in view of the described problems inherent in the prior art is therefore to provide a heat exchanger comprising a plurality of flat tubes arranged at regular intervals and in parallel with and spaced apart from each other a predetermined distance in the direction of thickness of the tubes, both the opposite ends of each tube being connected to a pair of headers in fluid communication therewith, wherein the tubes are bent at their intermediate portions in the direction of their width in such a manner that the heat exchanger is easy to manufacture, pressure loss of a heat exchanging medium flowing therethrough is suppressed, and heat exchange efficiency thereof is improved.	1
The male block may be partially inserted into the female block when the worm screw is inserted into the axial bore of the female block such that the worm screw is entirely contained within the male and female blocks respectively. Such an arrangement provides the unexpected and unpredictable advantage of connecting the male and female blocks into a rigid and compact assembly so that the connecting element (worm screw) cannot be easily damaged by an unauthorized person to gain entry into the garage.	1
The present invention provides a process which is uniquely capable of economically producing a graphite electrode with a low coefficient of thermal expansion from coal tar distillate-based needle coke. The inventive process provides a method where neither additives nor high temperature hydrogenation steps are necessary to remove solid CTE-increasing elements from the feedstock in the process of making needle coke. Such created needle coke resists expansion upon heating and provides graphite electrode articles with improved thermal stability and a reduced CTE, a combination of needle coke characteristics not heretofore seen. In addition, the inventive process for producing needle coke provides a low CTE needle coke from coal tar distillate without the excessive expenditures of both hydrogen and thermal energy, or using extremely high pressures.	1
It is also contemplated that one or more of the base, the cover and the regulating plate may be made from an injection molded plastic, e.g., polypropylene. However, they may also be made of other materials, such as metal, glass, paperboard, co-polyester resins, or any other known material. Further, the base, the cover, and the regulating plate may be made of the same or different materials.	1
There are numerous applications for the present invention but a particular one is in garments. Where individuals have to work in dark conditions, and cannot rely on reflected light to identify them, products or fabrics embodying the invention can be effectively applied to their clothing. Other applications would include floor, wall or ceiling coverings where lighted areas are required either for direct illumination such as in an automobile roof lining, a point identification on a wall such as a light switch in a darkened area, and identifying walkways or aisles in airplanes or theaters. In such applications a back surface, either behind or part of the fabric itself, can be reflective.	1
A safety joint for use in a subterranean well is described below. In one example, the safety joint can include separable portions which, when separated, disconnect sections of a tubular string. Elongation of the safety joint is permitted while longitudinal compression of the safety joint is prevented.	1
A second object of the present invention is to provide an information recording method for creating a data structure that enables the general user to find the mistake readily even when having deleted a file by mistake and an information method of reproducing the information created using the data structure.	1
When the machine is in either unfolded configuration, the frames supporting the agricultural machinery (such as openers) closely track motion of the prime mover or tractor, being restrained by the chain system, and stay within a space defined by motion of the primary beam between the tractor at one end and the trailer that carries the hoppers. Tension generated by the hydraulic means for maintaining chain tension may be overcome by a transient overload arising from a forced sideways displacement, but is restored. When the frames are raised in order to turn a circle at the end of a pass and the machine enters the second and raised unfolded configuration, the frames remain restrained in terms of side-to-side movement, and stay in line with beam ( 101 ).	1
The method for maintaining the hydrophobicity of a polyolefin textile material comprises the steps of providing a solution having a pH level between 3.5 and 5.9; subjecting the hydrophobic polyolefin textile material to the solution; and after the subjecting step, drying the polyolefin textile material so that the hydrophobic polyolefin textile material maintains hydrophobicity with a contact angle with water of at least 90 degrees through repeated use cycles of wearing, soiling and washing. The resulting textile material is thus more permanently hydrophobic with a contact angle with water of at least 90 degrees.	1
In one aspect of the invention, a pinned connection is mechanically-secured and adapted for installation and removal without the need for welding or hammering. The pinned connection can be installed and removed on site in an easy and quick manner so as to reduce the difficulty and time typically needed to exchange a worn component with a new replacement. This is a particular advantage when the coupling arrangement is used to secure elements in large excavating equipment where equipment downtime translates into a significant economic loss. Further, by eliminating the need for welding and hammering, the pinned connection reduces the risk to which users have ordinarily been exposed in replacing elements in excavating equipment.	1
Further, in the case where the rotor of the present invention is used for each of a plurality of tube pumps, each rotated in different directions, the same parts and assembling manner can be used, such that the cost may be reduced and the malfunction of the tube pump may be prevented.	1
Advantages of the present apparatus include a rear bogey steering system requiring less power and composed of less expensive equipment. Another advantage is a grain unloading system adapted for grain unloading on both sides of the articulated combine. A further advantage is the ability for the grain-receiving vehicle (e.g., semi-truck or towed grain cart) operator to wirelessly control grain unloading, thus relieving the harvester operator of this operation so that the operator can concentrate on grain harvesting. These and other advantages will be readily apparent to those skilled in the art based on the disclosure set forth herein.	1
The non-intumescent strips can be connected by a plurality of fasteners that extend through the intumescent layer. The fasteners are operable to at least partially resist expansion of the intumescent strip in the secondary direction so as to limit the flow and expansion in the secondary direction (optionally a fraction of the extend of the primary expansion, for example about 10% or less). The plurality of fasteners act as a variable resistance to flow in the secondary direction. This resistance to flow in the secondary direction can vary from little resistance to complete elimination of flow in the secondary direction. The resistance to expansion in the primary direction can relax as the temperature rises slightly above the activation temperature of the intumescent agent, which may gradually allow greater expansion of the intumescent strip in the primary direction. A plurality of fasteners can be distributed across the surface of the intumescent layer. The fasteners can resist movement of material within the intumescent layer, which may reduce the creep of the intumescent layer under non-fire conditions (room temperature), and control the primary to secondary expansion ratio under fire conditions. The number, spacing and relative size of the fasteners can be selected to provided a desired combination of primary expansion resistance and secondary direction expansion. The fasteners can be formed from solidified epoxy plugs that extend through a plurality of holes provided in the intumescent layer.	1
The present invention provides a novel method of controlling a liquid ejection head. In one embodiment, a novel method of controlling a liquid ejection head controls a liquid ejection head including a liquid pressurizing chamber, nozzles communicating with the liquid pressurizing chamber, and a pressure generating device that generates pressure in the liquid pressurizing chamber based on a drive waveform. The method includes: generating a preliminary ejection drive waveform with a predetermined number of successive drive pulses aligned in descending order of length of drive pulse intervals of the drive pulses, with each of the drive pulse intervals set to an integral multiple of a natural vibration period of the liquid pressurizing chamber; and applying the generated preliminary ejection drive waveform to the pressure generating device to cause the liquid ejection head to perform a preliminary ejecting operation.	1
By the first feature achieving the first object of the present invention, the timing of the pulse light emission is possible at both of the odd and the even field image reading out periods and a still image of the particle arriving at the particle detection system at random can be picked up. The two successive fields of picked-up images can be read out in turn from the field image which corresponds to the field image reading-out period following the pulse light emission.	1
Thus, methods, systems, and software have been described that extract and view images directly from a Common Import Format File (CIFF) file. These described aspects may be used without the need to retrieve the information in the CIFF file from a check management system, thereby potentially providing greater flexibility in reviewing and analyzing check images.	1
In one aspect of the invention, a downhole tool string component comprises a fluid passageway formed between a first and second end. A valve mechanism is disposed within the fluid passageway adapted to substantially cyclically build-up and release pressure within the fluid passageway such that a pressure build-up results in radial expansion of at least a portion of the fluid passageway and wherein a pressure release results in a contraction of the portion of the fluid passageway. The valve mechanism disposed within the fluid passageway comprises a spring. Expansion and contraction of the portion of the fluid passageway assisting in advancing the drill string within a subterranean environment. This advancing may be accomplished by varying a weight loaded to a drill bit disposed or helping to propel the drill string along a horizontal well.	1
Accordingly, the object of the present invention is to provide a hydraulic caliper brake assembly for a bicycle having a simple oil circuit with a better heat dissipation effect. Furthermore, the hydraulic pressure is adjustable and the speed reduction stage and emergency braking stage are divided in the present invention and there is no dead travel “lost motion” where the rider displaces the lever further with no subsequent increase in the braking force. Additionally a bigger braking force can be achieved without increasing the piston bore size and therefore the size/mass of the system.	1
In the present invention, methods of encoding or decoding an image frame are developed for frame buffer compression in an image or video system. The image frame to be processed can be divided into multiple slices vertically, horizontally or both vertically and horizontally. The multiple slices comprise at least two slices. For description, these two slices are named as slice 0 and slice 1 in the present invention and the encoding of slice 0 starts before the encoding of slice 1 . Slice 0 and slice 1 are any two slices in the image frame. The decoding of slice 0 may starts before or after the decoding of slice 1 . Each of the multiple slices is a rectangular pixel group which comprises two or more pixels. According to the present invention, the frame buffer, reconstruction buffer, stream buffer, and/or the latency can be reduced compared with traditional coding methods based on horizontal partition or interleaved partition.	1
According to embodiments, a fireproof door and a fireproof door frame including a water expansion substance inserted along the edges of the fireproof door and the fireproof door frame are provided to seal a gap between the door and the door frame by expanding the water expansion substance upon occurrence of fire. Accordingly, toxic gases can be prevented from flowing into the interior through the gap.	1
Yet another advantage of the present bio-waste disposal system is that the present bio-waste disposal system may be configurable so as to automatically activate at certain predetermined times and/or upon being triggered by a sensor or manual flushing.	1
It is an object of this invention to provide a throat plate having an inset provided with a stitch hole and surmounting the upper face of the throat plate, which makes it possible to lift the workpiece carrier plate above the inset for swinging it away from the sewing machine after or before sewing.	1
An object of the invention is therefore to have a simple and effective method for detecting anomalies occurring on the vertical path of the aircraft, in particular on the static pressure measurement sensors.	1
A nozzle assembly is provided that can function, for example, as a fuel injector in a gas turbine engine. The nozzle assembly can be constructed to occupy a very small envelope and still supply a uniform mixture of fuel and air. In this manner, peak combustion temperatures can be reduced, thereby minimizing the temperature-sensitive production of thermal NOx. As such, the nozzle assembly may be an attractive candidate for fuel injection when ultra-low emission combustion is required. The nozzle's small spatial scale (without a compromise in mixture uniformity) can also translate into a reduction in reaction residence time, and the production of compact flames. The nozzle assembly may also open opportunities for high-flame-speed fuels, as reduced residence time may essentially eliminate the risk of auto-ignition.	1
To address the above-described problem, the present invention provides a lens driving apparatus in which an adhesive used for joining an upper leaf spring and a lens holding member together is less likely to come off.	1
The main objective of the present invention is to provide a motorcycle positioning creeper that allows a medium to large motorcycle to be easily mounted on the positioning creeper and easily moved to any desired position on a horizontal surface such as a showroom floor or storage area.	1
Then, since the heat receiving medium liquid to be supplied to the absorber is heated by at least one of a heat source medium, the refrigerant vapor from the evaporator, an absorption solution and the heat of condensation generated in the condenser, the heat receiving medium liquid is preheated before being supplied to the absorber. Therefore, the efficiency in converting the heat receiving medium from liquid to vapor can be improved.	1
By detecting a change in the behavior of the recipient of the food or beverage, it is possible to predict the recipient's behavior to a certain extent. For example, an increase in the recipient's movements is likely to indicate that the recipient is about to get up when lying down or seated, or wake up when asleep. In this way, it is possible to anticipate the desire for the consumption and even predict when the recipient will want their consumption.	1
Experiments have shown that the method according to the present invention can be carried out at relatively high filament speeds, for instance filamentary advancement speeds of 500 meters per minute or higher. On the other hand, the present method is flexible enough to permit the use of lower filamentary speeds of for instance 100 - 200 m/min if and when desired. In addition, the thickness or titer of the filamentary material to be crimped may vary within a wide range, for instance between 150 and 3,600 denier, and multi-filaments can be subjected to crimping both without twisting or with a slight previous twist.	1
An object of the present invention is to provide a turret, which is able to solve the drawbacks of the prior art and which, at the same time, can be produced in a simple and economic fashion. In particular, an object of the present invention is to provide a turret that can be manufactured in a shorter time and can easily be subject to maintenance.	1
The purpose of this invention is to provide a multi-point video conference system and a media processing method thereof. It can realize multi-point video conference without the MCU in traditional video conference, and at the same time it is easy in network construction, convenient and reliable in implementation.	1
An alternate embodiment includes a tool head integrally formed with a receiver where the receiver is removably coupled to an alternate connector. The receiver has a polygonal cross section adapted to fit the alternate connector. The alternate connector includes a polygonal shaped cross section receiver hole. An angled extension may also be removably incorporated between the receiver and the connector to provide a variable angle of attack.	1
The present invention provides an RBAC method empowered to gather information, i.e., seek and obtain data and compare such data to determine contexts necessary for the utilization of increasingly sophisticated constraints. The present invention utilizes data extraction techniques to mine the wealth of content now available through larger networked sources, e.g., the Internet or any external databases accessible electronically either directly or indirectly by the controlled computer system. The present invention thus provides an RBAC method for the controlled computer system with sufficient content gathering or context analyzing capability, or both, to allow the use of easily formulated but refined constraints on permissions to access objects in an RBAC controlled computer system. Furthermore, the present invention is able to evaluate access grant dynamically (i.e., at runtime, potentially changing throughout the duration of the session) based on constraints with respect to each and every combination of subject information, object information, and environment information.	1
The present invention was developed in view of the problems as described above and aims to provide a printer maintenance guide device and a printer maintenance guide method enabling a maintenance work to be easily performed.	1
Preferably, the element configured in a modular manner comprises means which permit several of such elements to be assembled in a modular manner on top of each other. In this way, the number of modular elements, and, thus, also the number of thread clamps, easily can be increased, for example, if several main blowers are installed, simply by providing additional modular elements below or above the modular elements already present.	1
According to another preferred aspect of the invention, an inflatable game ball includes an inflatable bladder, a cover surrounding the bladder, an electronic circuit coupled to the bladder, and electrical leads. The cover includes a valve assembly. The valve assembly is configured to allow for inflation of the bladder and adapted to receive a charging device. The electronic circuit includes a rechargeable battery. The electronic circuit is configured to produce a signal to enable the position and movement of the game ball to be monitored during use. The electrical leads facilitate the charging of the battery. The electrical leads have first and second ends. The first end is coupled to the rechargeable battery and the second end is coupled to the valve assembly.	1
(4) Absence of depressive disorder that is often observed in patients with allergic diseases as reported in the asthmatic population. The use of an NK-1 receptor antagonist in combination with an anti-inflammatory agent (e.g., a glucocorticoid) should also have beneficial effect on the mental health of the asthmatic subjects because NK-1 receptor antagonists are efficient drugs to treat human depression.	1
Advantageously, in use, the heat diffuser may absorb heat from a heating element, and transfer the heat to air that may be drawn through the heat diffuser so that the air may heat the aerosol-forming substrate downstream of the heat diffuser, primarily via a convection heating process. This may provide more even heating of the aerosol-forming substrate, relative to systems in which the aerosol-forming substrate is heated primarily via a conduction heating process provided by the heating element. For example, areas of local high temperature, or “hot spots”, may be prevented from occurring in the aerosol-forming substrate that may otherwise be caused by conductive heating. This may be of particular benefit when the heat diffuser is used with aerosol-generating articles in which the aerosol-forming substrate is a liquid aerosol-forming substrate, as it may help to prevent overheating that may otherwise result from depletion of the aerosol-forming substrate. In particular, if the aerosol-forming substrate includes a liquid aerosol-forming substrate held in a liquid retention medium, the heat diffuser may help to reduce or prevent overheating of the aerosol-forming substrate or the liquid retention medium, even when the liquid retention medium is dry.	1
A final object of the present invention is to provide a second casing hanger for situations when the casing becomes stuck during running that preclude the use of a conventional casing hanger and the second casing hanger can maintain the original spacing of casing hangers and packoff assemblies in a wellhead housing.	1
Therefore, an object of the disclosure is to provide a cap frame which can prevent the pressing member from being caught on another member of the cap frame, thereby improving the working efficiency.	1
Another embodiment of the invention is the growing management system that maximizes the nutrient and/or flavor profile in fruits and vegetables being grown.	1
The present invention disjoins the camming feature of the hammer 115 from the impact feature by separating the hammer lugs 190 , 195 from the cam lug 200 with the arcuate recess 210 . In other words, the present invention provides a hammer 115 in which the cam lug 200 is not integrally formed with the hammer lugs 190 , 195 . It is believed that the arcuate recess 210 distributes the impact loading of the hammer lugs 190 , 195 into the material of the hammer 115 and reduces the reaction load between the cam lug 200 and the disengaging cam surfaces 155 , 160 . Additionally, the present invention reinforces the impact jaws 255 , 260 with the flanges 275 , 280 to increase cycles-to-failure for the jaws 255 , 260 and the anvil. The flanges 275 , 280 may also be referred to as reinforcing hubs. The separation of the hammer lugs 190 , 195 from the cam lug 200 provides clearance (via the arcuate recess 210 ) for the second (rear) flange 280 .	1
It is thus one aspect of the present invention to provide a camera storage area with a molded, rigid support for a single-lens reflex (“SLR”) camera. Preferably, the molded support is made of ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA) foam that possesses the general shape of SLR cameras. Thus it is contemplated that the EVA “cradle” will accommodate many brands of SLR cameras. One embodiment of the present invention additionally provides a cradle having a compliant material that conforms to a stored camera and that additionally provides shock protection.	1
A further object of this invention is to provide an improved incinerator having a large capacity suitable for commercial, industrial and municipal uses, which is adapted to remove fly ash from the combustion gases, economically.	1
In addition, convenience of play is increased because precise alignment of the vertical columns is not necessary and time is not unnecessarily consumed in attaining such precision. Alignment precision is decreased as the horizontally aligned second indicia approach the midpoints between primary and secondary corners. Alignment precision is further decreased when first indicia are positioned in both primary and secondary corners and additional second indicia are used so one is horizontally adjacent to each primary indicium in a corner position.	1
The invention in general relates to methods and devices for optimizing presbyopic vision correction, preferably with a contact lens, but not limited as such and including, as appropriate, IOLs, inlays, onlays, or refractive surgery. A predominate theme of all of the embodiments of the invention is the use of a wavefront sensor in the design and fitting of alternating vision and simultaneous vision style corrective lenses, or in refractive surgery, and in balancing various aberrations to achieve the best objective vision metric possible.	1
The radial displacement of the blades is a result of the initial rotation of the hand crank about a pivot axis which is parallel to and spaced from the longitudinal axis. As long as the applied torque is smaller than the spring force of the spring assembly, the hand crank rotates about the pivot axis and causes the blades to move radially linearly to engage the jacket. Once the latter occurred, the torque overcomes the spring force which actuates the rotary member and blades and crank to rotate about the longitudinal axis and complete the cut.	1
According to this invention, the upper portion of the front frame is constituted by at least one rigid plate thicker than other parts constituting the front frame and formed with a bucket cylinder pivot and a boom pivot, and a pair of plate shaped boom cylinder pivot members connected to the opposite ends of the single plate and formed with boom cylinder pivots, thereby integrating the upper frame as a unit constituting the upper portion of the front frame. The front frame can be assembled by merely mounting the integrated upper frame of the front frame on the lower frame constituting the lower portion of the front frame and then welding the upper frame and the lower frame together. Consequently, the number of parts of the upper frame constituting the upper portion of the frame can be reduced so that the number of welds applied at the time of assembling the entire front frame can also be reduced. Moreover, as the upper plate is integrated by using the single plate of the upper plate as the base, it becomes possible to integrally provide the pivot openings thereby enabling to obtain a low cost wheel mounted type loader having improved center accuracy of respective pivots as well as high reliability and durability.	1
The reinforcement at the bottom surface of the shelf may extend along the length of the unexpanded area, preferably at least along most of the length thereof.	1
According to another characteristic of the invention, the seal-receiving means comprise a peripheral groove which extends around the outlet, and the sealing means comprise a sealing lip in leaktight engagement in the groove. Advantageously, the groove forms two side walls interconnected by an end wall, the lip being in leaktight contact at least with the two side walls and advantageously also with the end wall. Preferably, the lip flanks an outlet chamber situated in alignment with the outlet of the duct and having a convergence wall which extends towards the dispensing orifice for the purpose of directing the pressurized fluid coming from the outlet towards the dispensing orifice. The sealing lip makes it possible to achieve a sealing quality that is particularly high, since the lip comes into leaktight contact with three distinct zones, namely the two side walls and the end wall. The sealing contact on the side walls is particularly effective since the two side walls face each other and the lip is thus compressed or wedged between said two side walls. Resistance of the lip to deformation is thus no longer a constraint. It is possible to form a lip that is very fine and that is inserted into a groove of very narrow width.	1
A first continuing object of the invention is to provide a belt buckle that can accommodate a variety of face plates.	1
It is a principal object of this invention to provide an improved, lightweight, economical support and control system for a soft airfoil used in connection with a wind turbine for power generation.	1
Due to the oval steel wires as core of the steel cord, the minor axis of the oval steel cord will be shorter compared with the normal steel cord with the similar structure comprising the round steel wires. Thus the rubber ply embedded with such steel cord will be thinner. On the other hand the consumption of rubber to produce the rubber product with the same function will be reduced.	1
Additionally, in certain embodiments, the IL-2 mutein Fc-fusion protein contains an IgG1 Fc region. When it is desirable to abolish the effector functions of IgG1 (e.g., ADCC activity), it was found that mutation of the asparagine at position 297 to glycine (N297G; EU numbering scheme) provided greatly improved purification efficiency and biophysical properties over other mutations that lead to an aglycosylation IgG1 Fc. In preferred embodiments, cysteines are engineered into the Fc to allow disulfide bonds, which increased stability of the aglycosylated Fc-containing molecule. The usefulness of the aglycosylated Fc goes beyond the IL-2 mutein Fc-fusion context. Thus, provided herein are Fc-containing molecules, Fc-fusions and antibodies, comprising a N297G substitution and optionally substitution of one or more additional residues to cysteine.	1
The invention aims at removing or at least minimizing the drawbacks of the known device initially described. This is achieved in a simple and effective manner by making use of an electromotor of the quick response type, connected in a control circuit, which is intermittently energized in correspondence with the weft insertion frequency, the means for effecting the frictional contact between the yarn and the measuring roller comprising at the delivery side of the roller a continuously energized tensioning injector.	1
According to one embodiment, a multi-chamber mask includes a shell and a partition. The shell is adapted to cover portions of a user's face including the user's mouth and at least portions of the user's nose including the nostrils, the shell adapted to contact the user's face surrounding the covered portions of the user's face to substantially prevent gas from escaping between the shell and the contacted portions of the user's face, and the shell is adapted to couple to a gas supply source. The partition is coupled to the shell and cooperates with the shell to define a first chamber and a second chamber, the first chamber adapted to be positioned proximate the user's nose to direct inflow of gas from the gas supply source to the user's nasal passages, the second chamber adapted to be positioned proximate the user's mouth to restrict outflow of gas from the user's mouth in response to inflow of gas from the gas supply source to the user's nasal passages, the partition adapted to restrict flow of gas between the first and the second chamber.	1
(2) No necessity for an immune treatment (sensitization or desensitization), thus avoiding side-effects and undesirable effects due to therapies based on immune system activation (e.g., fever, etc.);	1
A series of runs was carried out where steel was refined in a bifilar electroslag remelting process. A slag depth of 250 mm. was utilized In the runs the electrode size and mold size were varied, and the power necessary to refine a given-weight ingot was measured. Runs were carried out utilizing a flux low in alumina content denoted flux No. 1, and a flux high in alumina content denoted flux No. 2. Flux No. 1 had a chemical composition consisting by weight of 50-60% CaF2, 10-15% CaO, 12-20% A12O3, 10-15% MgO, 2-7% SiO2, 0.3% FeO, 0.05% P, and 0.05% S. Flux No. 2 had a chemical composition consisting by weight of 60-70% CaF2, 2-8% CaO, 26-32% A12O3, 1% SiO2, 0.3% FeO, 0.05% P, and 0.05% S. The results achieved are shown in graph form in FIG. 5. As shown in FIG. 5, 15-25% less power was required to produce a given-size ingot when slab-shaped electrodes were utilized, as compared to square-cross-section electrodes.	1
The drying rack may include a grille structure that has a smaller mesh width in the bottom region than in the top region or in which a bottom grille part is spanned by bars. It is, thus, possible to avoid the situation where small items for drying fall through and, nevertheless, to increase the safety.	1
The present invention was made in view of such problems of the prior art, and has a primary object to provide an arrangement for a vapor storage canister assembly that allows a canister assembly to be installed on a vehicle body without reducing the space above a floor panel while ensuring an adequate adsorption chamber volume in a vehicle having a differential device mounted in a rear part of a vehicle body.	1
The vibration actuator according to an example according to the present invention is that which produces a vibration in one axial direction through an electromagnetic driving force due to the coil and the magnet, and comprises a bobbin that is wound with a coil, an outer case that covers the coil, a movable element that oscillates in the axial direction within the bobbin and the outer case, and an elastic member for supporting elastically the vibration of the movable member. The movable element comprises the magnet and the weight unit that is connected to one axial-direction end of the magnet, where a resin layer is secured to the outer peripheral surface of the weight unit on the surface that faces the inner surface of the outer case, where an oil film is interposed between the resin layer and the inner surface of the outer case. In the vibration actuator that has such a structure, the provision of the resin layer and the oil film on the outer peripheral surface of the weight unit makes it possible to avoid the outer peripheral surface of the weight unit making direct contact with the inner surface of the outer case at the time of vibration, thus making it possible to suppress the production of noise at the time of vibration. Moreover, the use of a structure that does not have a guide shaft enables the elimination of the cost of machining a hole in the magnet and enables miniaturization of the weight unit.	1
The present invention regards a method and a device designed in such a way that movements of the barrel at aiming are attenuated by means of a servo system stabilizing the orientation of the barrel built-in in the weapon. In the servo system measuring means are included continuously measuring the rotation speed vertically and horizontally of the barrel and motors able to change the direction of the barrel in relation to the butt end so that the orientation of the barrel is stabilized whereby the aiming of the weapon in the desired direction is simplified and the accuracy of fire increases. By means of the stabilization the unintentional barrel movements, appearing at the aiming when the marksman, without having any physical support for the weapon, tries to control the sight direction towards the target, are counteracted. The technique may be applied for all kinds of rifles and also for handguns, like pistols and revolvers.	1
The stationary vanes preferably protrude at an angle of between 10 and 20 degrees to the radius of the feed beater away from a longitudinal central plane. Advantageously, this improves the scraping action by the stationary vanes in a similar manner to a knife peeling an apple.	1
According to some embodiments of the invention, an organosilane, organoborane, silane, or borane (generally referred to herein as a “silane/borane agent”) is utilized in atomic layer deposition (ALD) processes for depositing a boron- or silicon-containing film comprising metal carbide from a halide-containing precursor or in treating a deposited film that comprises metal carbide. The silane/borane agent may be pulsed during or after a deposition cycle, or it may be applied to a thin film after some or all cycles have been completed. In some embodiments, the silane/borane agent may serve to reduce oxidized portions of a metal film. In some embodiments, the silane/borane agent may form a barrier to at least partially prevent further oxidation of the film itself or of films subsequently deposited over the treated film. In some embodiments, the silane/borane agent may help in gettering oxygen from deeper within a film, such as oxygen coming from subsequent air exposure.	1
According to the present invention, it is possible to bring about an effect of providing an apparatus for producing an aligned CNT aggregate which apparatus is capable of preventing a deterioration in quality of the aligned CNT aggregate in a rim of a base substrate even in a case where a large area base substrate is used as the base substrate.	1
Yet another embodiment of the invention is the growing management system determining the optimal harvesting time by minimizing cost on a delivered nutrient/flavor aggregate as compared to the traditional maximization of revenue on a purely weight basis.	1
The blocking condition can additionally be met if a variable, which characterizes an actual temperature of the fuel system, especially that of the fuel pump or a fuel filter, achieves or exceeds a threshold value. Underlying the above statement is the awareness that, for example, if the fuel system or one of its components is already stressed by a high temperature, an additional stress due to an increase in pressure should be avoided. This is the case in order to avoid an overstressing of the fuel system, respectively of one of its components, or at least an early deterioration of the system (component part protection).	1
In sum, a molded heat transfer component with a vapor chamber in one piece can be formed by the method for molding a heat transfer component having a vapor chamber of the invention. It is not required to assemble a wick stricture onto the vapor chamber as conventional manufacturing methods. The invention can effectively reduce manufacturing costs and shorten manufacturing time.	1
The products of the invention therefore show improved performance in terms of cleansing and skin benefits since both attributes can be formulated in different phases independently.	1
The device according to the invention particularly offers great advantages when applied to a weaving machine in which the weft insertion is effected by means of a flowing fluid, e.g., air, and wherein the weft inserting device therefore comprises an (air) blowing nozzle. Up till now the blowing nozzle of such a weaving machine had to have relatively large dimensions in order to be able to pass the large quantities of intermittently supplied pressurized air, which were required to generate the acceleration forces to be imparted to the thread lengths to be inserted into the shed. It often occurred thereby that the leading ends of the weft threads were blown into an incompact state. With the application of the device according to the invention, however, the acceleration forces to be imparted to the weft threads are generated essentially by the driven measuring roller, as a result of which the weft blowing nozzle may have much smaller dimensions. This means a considerable decrease in the air consumption, while the weft threads, especially the lightly twisted yarns, are much more "spared." A smaller dimensioned weft blowing nozzle further has the advantage that the position of the weft thread at the entrance of the weaving shed will vary within a more narrowly delimited area, which furthers the transport of the wefts through the shed.	1
In a machine embodying the present invention, the exit rolls are mounted in the same plane as the plane of the molded product and thus provide support to the molded product as it passes between the exit rolls to the product conveyor.	1
According to one aspect, the invention comprises an arrangement for coupling together two or more segmented sections of an elongated tool such as a string trimmer for example so that the trimmer initially may be broken down into two or more segmented sections for the purpose of conveniently packaging the trimmer in a cardboard carton or the like and the coupling arrangement used to join the segmented sections when the tool is removed from the carton.	1
The present invention overcomes the disadvantages of the prior art and provides a paperboard container having the necessary interior or exterior surfaces of the closure flaps coated with self-sticking adhesive so that an erected container can be readily sealed, but, at the same time, preventing sticking of the surfaces of the container when the container is collapsed. This invention utilizes the adhesive of the self-sticking type the characteristic of which being that a surface coated therewith will adhere only to another similarly coated surface. The prevention of sticking of the container surfaces when the container is collapsed is accomplished by folding the closure flaps of the container against the walls to which the flaps are hinged so that, when the container is collapsed, the surfaces of the flaps having adhesive applied thereto, will engage only those surfaces which are free of adhesive.	1
The shoe protector in accordance with the invention is of light weight and is secure in place. It cannot inadvertently slip off nor does it take away from the driver's ability to feel the car pedals, such constituting a further improvement over the prior art.	1
In die casting the engine block, the liner is mounted on a locating dowel or center plug and inserted in a two-piece die. The die includes transverse fingers or projections which extend into the recesses or blind ports in the liner to prevent entry of metal into the recesses in the liner and to form through openings in the die-cast material or block registering with the recesses in the liner. In addition, the web of metal across the recesses prevents entry of diecasting metal into the interior of the liner. Subsequent to die casting, the inside diameter of the liner is machined to remove the web portions in the recesses and thereby open the recesses to provide through apertures in the liner.	1
It was found that BTLA inhibited IL-2 and type I interferon signaling in human NK cells and confirmed the role of BTLA as an immune checkpoint inhibitor regulating T and B cell receptor signaling. The mechanism of inhibitory signaling downstream of BTLA is thought to include activation of SHP-1 or 2, and likely involves additional pathways. The inhibitory effect of bioengineered HVEM-RTWA on ZAP70/Syk phosphorylation is consistent with previous studies demonstrating that CD3 and Syk are direct targets of BTLA activity in T and B cells. JAK/STAT signaling is regulated in part by the activation of SHP-1 and dephosphorylation of target proteins including JAK kinases and STAT proteins. BTLA agonists may directly target cytokine signaling through SHP-1 recruitment or through the engagement of unknown inhibitory pathways.	1
It is a further object of this invention to provide an improved incinerator which will produce a minimum of air pollution relative to comparable conventional incinerators.	1
In certain situations, it may also be beneficial to mount the slant rig of the present invention (regardless of whether or not said rig and related components are skid, track or truck-mounted) on a hovercraft or other similar device. Because the slant rig of the present invention has a relatively small “footprint”, it has space requirements that are significantly less than those of conventional drilling rigs. Hovercrafts, which are capable of traveling on an air cushion above the surface of land or water, permit the slant rig of the present invention to access areas, including environmentally sensitive areas, without significant disturbance to the ground or mud-line. Such impact is reduced both while the rig of the present invention is working on location, as well as during the period that it is being transported to and from such location.	1
It is an advantage of the present invention that the solid or liquid hydrocarbons used as the feedstock can be low-value, contaminated hydrocarbons. The method can also have a lower capital cost than conventional gasification.	1
Accordingly, it is an object of the invention to provide an improved kinetic wall system and method that exhibits improved aesthetics, strength and durability with respect to conventional designs.	1
Accordingly, an object of the invention is to provide a polymer film, which has a high retardation and a small haze, and a polarizing plate and a liquid crystal display device with the use of the film showing a small viewing angle-dependency in tint change and little light leakage in the crossed Nicols configuration, having a high front contrast and being excellent in visibility.	1
In general, this invention relates to operating a plasma installation, an induction heating installation, or a laser excitation installation using semiconductor switching elements in a pulsed power output operation such that the service-life of the semiconductor switching elements may be increased.	1
For the embodiment shown in FIGS. 3 and 4 the articulating support elements are Y-shaped with a junction element 56 interconnecting the upper and leg sections. In alternative embodiments, a squared center section 58 as shown in FIG. 5 is employed in one or both support elements for a broader or squarer shaped dog or animal. The multiple cup and ball elements in each section for the embodiment shown allow greater flexibility in positioning the limbs of the dog. Further, the number of elements is easily expandable for longer limbs, tail or neck in the animal simulated by the purse. In alternative embodiments a reduced number of cup and ball elements may be employed to more closely simulate the actual joints of a dog or to increase rigidity of the limbs for enhanced self-standing performance.	1
The invention also provides amino acid segments that promote the proper folding of a galactosyltransferase catalytic domain. The amino acid segments may be used to properly fold the galactosyltransferase catalytic domains of the invention and thereby increase their activity. The amino acid segments may also be used to increase the activity of galactosyltransferases that are produced recombinantly. Accordingly, use of the amino acid segments according to the invention allows for production of β(1,4)-galactosyltransferases having increased enzymatic activity relative to β(1,4)-galactosyltransferases produced in the absence of the amino acid segments.	1
The groove ( 31 v ) is formed at least in a base portion at one of two circumferential ends of the abutment projection ( 36 ), on a side at which the engaging member (Ra) for up-shift abuts. This groove ( 31 v ) serves to prevent stress concentration in the base portion of the engaging projections ( 31 ) and operates to disperse stresses to increase the strength of the engaging projections ( 31 ), in case the engaging members (R) move to engage the engaging surfaces of the engaging projections ( 31 ).	1
The invention provides protection to the fixtures and avoids waste of parts by limiting beam operation when the fixtures and parts are in position to be damaged. The invention is reliable since the vulnerable parts are easily located external to the chamber and since the portions necessarily in the chamber are by construction and configuration made largely invulnerable to damage. Further, the fibers are easily sealed where they enter and leave the chamber, thereby simplifying the task of maintaining the atmosphere therein.	1
Additionally, and among other benefits, illustrative examples described herein provide precise vertical and horizontal location of lateral members and support during collar connection, with an alignment structure.	1
In a second aspect of the invention, the shade assembly includes a level correction feature. A bar of the shade assembly pivotally attaches to the shade support. When the shade assembly is fully raised or fully lowered, the bar pivots on the shade support as the bar engages the top or bottom of the IG to return the bar to a level orientation. Preferably, a damper (for example some form of frictional resistance) is included between the bar and the shade support to reduce relative movement of the two pieces following level correction.	1
Accordingly the present invention provides digital processing that generates processed digital data corresponding to a delayed analog signal that has a desired delay relative to an analog signal corresponding to original or source digital data. If the processed digital data is converted into an analog signal according to a reference clock, it provides a delayed analog signal with respect to an analog signal represented by the source digital data. The processed digital data is obtained according to a k-time frequency of the reference clock by digitally processing the source digital data. In this case, the processed digital data is converted into an analog signal according to a clock having a frequency k-times that of the reference clock to get the delayed analog signal. If k is larger than 1, the delayed analog signal is smoother, and if k is smaller than 1, it reduces data amount and processing load. The digital-to-analog conversion also uses the k-times frequency clock. All processes are done digitally in deriving the processed digital data from the source digital data. The digital processing may be done by a microprocessor if a slow process is acceptable, or by a DSP (Digital Signal Processor) or an FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array) if a fast process is required. Accurate delay control is achieved because all the delay inducing process is digital, and the delay has a higher resolution than one clock cycle by changing a window function or coefficients used in the digital processing. The digital processing to produce the processed digital data may use convolution with the window function that is shifted by a difference depending on a desired delay. The result is that degradation of the analog delayed signal is at a minimum and there is an enough timing margin between the processed digital data and the clock during the digital-to-analog conversion because the conversion uses the same reference clock as the source digital data or a synchronized clock having a frequency k-times as high as that of the reference clock.	1
According to the present invention, an improved mounting means is provided for removably mounting a straw chopper on a combine. More specifically, a straw chopper mounting is provided that permits easy mounting and removal of the straw chopper, while also permitting at least a portion of the chopper rotor to be disposed above the level of the lower edge of the hood rear wall, so that the chopper can be mounted higher within the hood to improve the appearance and ground clearance of the chopper and its belt drive.	1
By way of example, suitable methods for producing suitable code carriers are available in the form of special contact methods, for example injection molding. It is thereby possible to produce code-carrying components or code carriers as special components made from plastic, as well, for example from polycarbonate; fast and simple reproduction methods are available for these. In particular, it is also possible to apply methods such as are customary in the field of the production of optical storage media, for example of compact disks (CDs).	1
It is also an object of an embodiment of the present invention to decrease the time and expense of anchoring a structural insulated panel to a foundation or load-bearing footing. Yet another object is to provide a structural insulated panel that can be anchored to a foundation and allow for accessible inspection and/or verification by a building inspector.	1
The present invention has been made in view of the circumstance described above, and provides a technique of arbitrating the order of processing a print job and a display job in order to minimize a waiting time until the display job is executed, by using an image processing section having a finite processing capability.	1
Accordingly, the present invention has been made keeping in mind the above problems occurring in the prior art, and an object of the present invention is to provide a method of extracting WAP data using a mobile identification number, which uses a mobile identification number, which is a static factor, so that there is no need to personally inquire of a manager about an IP address assigned to a given mobile station in a temporal restriction, thus more conveniently and promptly extracting WAP data.	1
In operation of tool 10 , tool string 14 is made up as shown with multiple hydrojetting tools 18 therein. Tool string 14 is lowered into wellbore 12 until tool 10 is adjacent to the desired formation 16 . Fluid is jetted out of hydrojetting tools 18 to form multiple sets of fractures 22 substantially simultaneously. In this way, only one trip into wellbore 12 is usually necessary, and movement of the tool 10 to form multiple fractures is not required. This reduces the time for carrying out the operation and thus minimizes the cost thereof.	1
In either of the embodiments described in FIGS. 10 or 11 the fasteners 248 or 348 can be released and the mattress, duvet and bottom sheet moved off the bed in order to move the occupant to a safe place, for instance in the event of a fire. A person thus moved is retained in safety and relative comfort by the cocoon. Four handles can be provided, possibly at the corners of the mattress in order to manoeuvre the patient in this way.	1
It is particularly advantageous if a multiple number of sleeve stacks are arranged next to each other on each machine side. Thus, the filling of the sleeve stacks is possible with a high degree of ease.	1
At least one additional advantage of at least one embodiment is an absorption profile with vibronic structure or features. This can provide, for example, broader absorption bands. Vibronic structure can be observed in the solid state or in solution.	1
Briefly summarized, an exemplary embodiment of the invention relates to a method for adjusting the relative value of system configuration recommendations. The method can include identifying system configuration changes in a system, obtaining performance metrics for the system before and after system configuration changes are implemented, and assessing the effectiveness of system configuration changes based on the obtained performance metrics.	1
Namely, as the rubber hose is diametrically enlarged, the reinforcing yarn provided or embedded in the rubber hose is likely to be moved. When the rubber hose is further diametrically enlarged, breakage of the yarn is caused, and thereby the sealing performance is extremely lowered. However, the anchor effect of the dip yarn relative to the rubber hose prevents or restrains the dip yarn from movement, and as a result, an excellent sealing performance may be secured.	1
It is an object of the invention to provide improved elements and arrangements thereof for the purposes described which is inexpensive, dependable and fully effective in accomplishing its intended purposes.	1
The two inch diameter aluminum disc 14 has a first side positioned against one side of a tantalum backup plate 16. A tantalum lead 18 is spot welded to the other side of tantalum plate 16 at point 18a. A porous disc 20, made of tetrafluoroethylene, is positioned against the back of plate 16 with lead wire 18 feeding out the assembly 10 as shown in FIG. 2, and is attached to the positive side of power supply 24. A screw down holding ring 12 holds aluminum sheet 14, tantalum plate 16 and porous disc 20 within tetrafluoroethylene holder 11 by threading therein. Only a second side of aluminum sheet 14 is exposed to the electrolyte with the first side fitting tightly against the tantalum plate 16, with the tantalum plate preventing oxidation of the first side. The tantalum backup plate 16 usually lasts through four processes or 8 hours before it has to be replaced due to oxidation.	1
An advantage of the present invention is that it effectively removes moistening liquid from a moistened medium. Using a heating liquid can provide a higher thermal power than using a heated gas. Using a liquid-blocking barrier reduces the probability of image damage, and permits using heating liquids that are miscible with the moistening liquid. Various aspects are useful for conventional inkjet printing. Various aspects use reduced quantities of heating liquid, permitting energy savings.	1
By multiplexing an LDPC code across multiple bonded channels, latency due to the length of the code is reduced. In an encoder operating at 5.36 Mega-symbols per second (Msymbols/sec), mapping a sequence of 4050 bit pairs into each of four channels requires only 0.75 milliseconds of latency. At the receiver end, the code requires another 0.75 milliseconds of receive time to received as a block. Thus, a 1.5 millisecond total latency is added to the QAM link. In contrast, if a single un-bonded channel is used, mapping a sequence of 16,200 bit pairs onto the channel requires 3 milliseconds at 5.36 Msymbols/sec. The receiver will require another 3 milliseconds of receive time yielding a total latency of 6 milliseconds. Thus, the invention reduces the latency by a factor of m (e.g., a factor of 4).	1
Since the angle (θ) between the straight line (PQ) and the bottom-side inclined surface ( 36 pb ) is between 90 and 100 degrees, the engaging members (R) are ensured to abut the bottom-side inclined surfaces ( 36 pb ) of the abutment projections ( 36 ) without relative slip, and a situation in which some of the engaging projections ( 31 ) are unable to engage the engaging projections ( 31 ) can be avoided.	1
FIG. 4 schematically illustrates a resulting four by two (by way of example) fiber shuffle network 100 with its basic elements: connection web 120; fiber bundles 125.sub.A, 125.sub.B, 125.sub.C, 125.sub.D, 130.sub.Y, and 130.sub.Z ; and fiber termination at input stations 80.sub.A, 80.sub.B, 80.sub.C, 80.sub.D and output stations 80.sub.Y and 80.sub.Z. Fiber bundles 60.sub.NA /70.sub.SA, 60.sub.NB /70.sub.SB, 60.sub.NC /70.sub.SC, 60.sub.ND /70.sub.SD, 60.sub.NY /70.sub.SY, 60.sub.NZ /70.sub.SZ about web 120 correspond to each of the northern and southern hemisphere retaining points associated with each of the input stations 80.sub.A, 80.sub.B, 80.sub.C, 80.sub.D and each output station 80.sub.Y and 80.sub.Z from guide structure 50. As hemispheres 60 and 70 are combined, these fiber bundles. Connection web 120 may be housed in a box-like structure to allow for more manageable fiber handling.	1
The primary object of the invention is to provide an alternative billiard game.	1
Based on the above, the present application allows the user to choose different mouthpiece since the mouthpiece is detachable. As such, different types of airflow can be selected since the openings of the detachable mouthpieces are different, eliminating the airflow problem of current heat not burn electronic cigarette devices.	1
When the frames are lowered, in the first lowered and unfolded configuration, the working components are not dependent for vertical support from beam ( 101 ) and are able to follow the ground surface independently of the tractor and the following trailer	1
If the sleeve transport device, in particular the conveyor belt, can be reversibly driven, sleeves can be transported from an intermediate storage device or from the sleeve stack in both directions. This further increases the flexibility of the system. The request of a corresponding sleeve can accordingly take place in such a manner that it is sent from the sleeve stack that is closest to the requesting work station.	1
Disclosed herein is a novel series of photoacid generators (PAGs) having an anionic component with an acetal or ketal protected polyhydroxy group attached. Exposure and PEB processes for these novel PAGs produce small, developer-soluble and water-soluble acids. Photolysis of, for example, an onuim cation chromophore (e.g., triphenylsulfonium, abbreviated “TPS”) paired with the anionic component produces the corresponding acid, and subsequent acid-catalyzed deprotection of the acetal or ketal groups reduces the size of the acid and generates water-solubilizing hydroxyl groups. The polyhydroxy group increases the size of the PAG anion and the increased number of polar hydroxyl groups capable of forming hydrogen bonds to one another. Both anion bulk and hydrogen bonding are believed to limit the diffusion of the PAG in the resist matrix during PEB. In this way, a PAG having slow diffusion during the net lithographic process can have low defectivity.	1
The female block may include an axial bore aligned with the worm screw. A key may be removably interfitted within the key hole and thereby actuate the locking mechanism to a locked position such that rotational movement of the male block causes simultaneous rotation of the internal housing and the worm screw. In this way, the male block may be linearly reciprocated towards and away from the female block as the male block, the worm screw and the internal housing are simultaneously rotated in a corresponding direction. Such an arrangement provides the unexpected and unpredictable advantage of providing a compact and rigid locking assembly for the guide track of a garage door. The arrangement further makes it difficult for a chiseling tool or the like to cut out a thinner or weak part of the locking assembly off the garage door track.	1
In the presently preferred embodiments of the invention, the fuel is fed into the post incineration chamber through a chute which empties into the same through the preliminary incineration chamber. Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the preliminary incineration chamber is exhausted through the chute, there being an airlock device employed at the inlet to the chute, to assure that the atmosphere in the chute is unable to escape therethrough. The chute may approach the vertical, so that the fuel flows downwardly therethrough by gravity; or it may approach the horizontal, and the fuel may be fed therethrough by a power driven conveyor. Preferably, a stream of pressurized air is discharged across the inlet to the chute, so as to prevent the atmosphere in the chute from escaping therethrough. In fact, a portion of the atmosphere in the chute may be recirculated to the inlet, and discharged thereacross for this purpose.	1
We have elucidated the three rheological properties of woody biomass material requisite to predictably and reproducibly bale woody biomass at preselected optimum transportation densities while minimizing fossil fuel consumption during baling, handling, and transport.	1
One object is to provide a vehicle with a heat pump system that provides heat to the passenger compartment in a manner that minimizes energy consumption.	1
In another embodiment, the present invention relates to a method of extending the biological half-life, improving the area under the curve (AUC), reducing the dosing frequency, or reducing the clearance rate of a Factor VII (FVII) polypeptide, comprising the step of attaching three to five chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby extending the biological half-life of said FVII polypeptide.	1
The present invention is directed to a fiber formed from a thermoplastic composition that contains a thermoplastic starch and an aliphatic-aromatic copolyester. The copolyester enhances the strength of the starch-containing fibers and also facilitates the ability of the starch to be melt processed. Due to its relatively low melting point, the aliphatic-aromatic copolyester may also be extruded with the thermoplastic starch at a temperature that is low enough to avoid substantial removal of the moisture found in the starch. Furthermore, the aliphatic-aromatic copolyester is also modified with an alcohol so that it contains one or more hydroxyalkyl or alkyl terminal groups. By selectively controlling the conditions of the alcoholysis reaction (e.g., alcohol and copolymer concentrations, temperature, etc.), the resulting modified aliphatic-aromatic copolyester may have a molecular weight that is relatively low. Such low molecular weight polymers have the combination of a higher melt flow index and lower apparent viscosity, which is useful in a wide variety of fiber forming applications, such as in the meltblowing of nonwoven webs. Various embodiments of the present invention will now be described in more detail.	1
The products of the invention may find use as cleansing tools, in particular when wetted, however their use is not limited to this application only. They are particularly effective when wetted with water, which is due, i.a., by the fact that they can remove both aqueous and lipid soils and components. The products of the invention may in particular be used as cleansers for babies because of their effectiveness to remove waste deposits, as well as to reduce a number of micro-organisms that can cause infection.	1
The present invention contemplates the use of heated air for the entraining and inserting of the filamentary material, as the preferred hot fluid. This is in keeping with what is already known from the prior art, but it should be understood that other fluids, for instance a stream of water vapor or steam, can also be employed if for example the character of the filamentary material makes this desirable. The temperature of the hot fluid will largly depend upon the type and character of the filamentary material to be crimped, the fineness of the filaments, the operating speed and the length of the apparatus utilized, in particular the length of the guidance tube through which the filamentary material passes prior to entry into the enclosed space or crimping chamber. The invention contemplates for the stream of hot fluid a temperature range of between substantially 180.degree. - 340.degree. C, with the currently preferred temperature being substantially 220.degree. C. The temperature must be so selected within the above range, that as the filamentary material leaves the guidance tube and enters into the crimping chamber it will be at such a temperature as to make it possible for the filament to become readily crimped at low pressure. The particular temperature to be used for a particular filamentary material within the above range can be readily determined by routine experimentation. Particularly if the filamentary material is of relatively heavy gauge or thickness, the use of undesirably high temperature for the stream of hot fluid and excessively along guidance tubes can be avoided if the filamentary material is subjected to preliminary heating, for instance by guiding it over a heated surface, before it becomes entrained.	1
An object of the present invention is to provide internal electrode paste having an excellent printing property capable of preventing dripping and blurring, etc. of paste and forming a uniform internal electrode layer without any printing unevenness even when the electrode material powder ratio is decreased by increasing a solvent ratio in the paste to obtain a thinner internal electrode layer, a multilayer ceramic electronic device produced by using the above paste and the production method.	1
Proceeding from a common rail system with automatic rail pressure control by a suction throttle on the low-pressure side and with reduced constant leakage, the objective of the invention is to optimize the stability behavior and the correction time.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide users with a wider screen and more information by using a mobile terminal having at least two display units.	1
By the first and second features of the present invention, the field to be read out is judged as either the odd or the even field, and it is controlled based on the judgement in which line of the image memory the image signal is to be written, (in the odd or the even line), since the field image reading-out is started at random. By the above-mentioned control, exchange between the image signals to be stored fin the odd line and those in the even line is prevented and the particle still image is correctly stored in the image memory. Thereby, the particle image processing of classifying the particles is also correctly executed.	1
The actual concentration of each of octadecenamide and N,N'-dioleylethyIenediamine employed in the wax composition of the invention may vary depending upon the particular crystalline paraffin wax selected and whether or not a microcrystalline wax is employed. It is important, however, that the concentration of N,N'-dioleylethylenediamine not be in excess of about 0.4% by weight since such concentrations have been found to destroy heat sealability. The compositions of the invention can, if desired, contain minor amounts or other ingredients such as oxidation inhibitors, etc., as long as the desired properties of the composition are not unduly deleteriously affected.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide an ironing aid that is of relatively simple construction and that can thus be manufactured relatively inexpensively.	1
With the aspect, when the tunnel reinforcement moves rearward at the time of frontal collision, the tunnel reinforcement is stopped by the bolts. Thus, the tunnel reinforcement is restrained from moving rearward.	1
It is envisaged that the cocoon effect provided by the illustrated restraint cover will be afforded by a nylon net which will ordinarily rest on the bed clothes. However, it may be desirable to have the cover in tension during normal use. The cover may be elastic or nonelastic. The restraint cover may be washable. The restraint cover, and in particular the centre portion may comprise a quilt cover in which case the restraint not only serves to prevent an occupant from falling off the bed but also serves to keep the cover in position over the mattress. When the centre portion comprises a quilt cover, the cover need not necessarily be attached at the sides and could act as a conventional quilt. Furthermore, the restraint cover may be detachable from the side portions to allow replacement by a clean or different centre portion without the side portions necessarily being detached from the bed.	1
The present device is a deadweight that can support loaded trusses of several sizes at various attachment positions. Several support members and support frames define the general cubic shape of the deadweight, which is filled with cement to provide additional weight for stability and support. Fork lift sleeves are provided to allow easy positioning of the deadweight.	1
The invention solves the problem of meeting illuminated surface area requirements or goals while providing an arrangement that is more space efficient. It also may provide greater flexibility for lamp design while meeting standards, with such flexibility being available for varied and/or improved aesthetic design. Further forms, objects, features, aspects, benefits, advantages, and embodiments of the present invention will become apparent from the detailed description and drawings provided herewith.	1
In a first aspect of the invention the IG construction includes a pair of channels at opposite sides of the IG opening toward one another. The ends of the shade material ride within the channels to ensure that the shade moves properly without blowout. This aspect of the invention eliminates the need for cords threaded through the shade.	1
A still further object of the present invention is to provide an improved large capacity incinerator suitable for use in commercial, industrial and municipal uses, having novel structure for separating fly ash from the combustion gases thereof, which is comparatively simple in structure, inexpensive to construct and economical to operate.	1
The object of the present invention was therefore to make available thermoplastic, sinterable, light-stable polyurethane molding compositions (TPU's), which manifest no blooming behavior even after a long period (as tested by an accelerated water storage test), and do not exhibit any surface deposit, and furthermore have a good thermal stability, pleasant feel and good technical processability.	1
In one aspect, the invention provides nozzle system for a injection molding machine, said system comprising: a nozzle body defining a first portion of a melt channel, said nozzle body defining a bore and a first connector; a nozzle tip defining a second portion of said melt channel, said nozzle tip being sized to fit within said bore of said nozzle body; a sealing and mounting element for mounting said nozzle tip to said nozzle body with said first portion and said second portion of said melt channel being fluidly connected, said element defining a second connector for removably connecting with said first connector defined on said nozzle body and an alignment bearing for engaging a bearing surface defined on said nozzle body for precisely aligning said nozzle tip within said nozzle body along a predetermined axis.	1
It is the primary object of the present invention to improve the efficiency of such track tampers by at least doubling the speed and/or producing a better quality of tamping.	1
An even further object of the present invention is to provide a novel breach bag that may be combined and deployed in a serial or linear array with other breach bags to provide an expanded blast wave.	1
By way of further example, a neck strap may extend around the back of the wearer's neck and may be attached to the top line of the garment. The garment (e.g., a top line of a pumping/nursing bra) may have one or more selective attachment mechanisms (e.g., loops or hooks allowing for attachment of the strap to the garment). A plurality of selective attachment mechanisms may be provided on the garment to provide a plurality of positions for the strap. Attachment mechanisms may be hooks that may be selectively attached to a loop (e.g., a fabric, metal, or plastic loop), snaps, buttons and button holes, ribbon ties, lace ties, string ties, and/or any other attachment mechanism that can be selectively attached or detached. For example, a wearer could use a ribbon, lace, heavy string, etc. that could be threaded through a loop on the topline and tied where the two ends join. There may be a single strap and/or multiple straps that extend from one area of the bra to another as opposed to fitting around the neck. For example, a single strap could attach at the front topline, extend over the shoulder and hook at the topline below the underarm or back.	1
Another object of the invention is to provide D.C. shutdown circuitry for an integrated circuit controlled dryer.	1
According to one aspect of the present invention, a method of monitoring compliance in reporting unclaimed property receives information regarding entities that have reported unclaimed property during at least one prior reporting period. This information is generally maintained in a state's unclaimed property reporting records database. Typically, reporting data for at least one reporting period is required to perform an analysis, however, the larger the number of report cycles available for review improves the quality of the analysis. Accuracy of the analysis increases when about 10 reports or more are available for review. A plurality of candidate entities that are considered to have a reporting obligation are then identified based upon a predefined criteria. The candidate entities are then compared with those entities that have reported unclaimed property to identify as a potential non-reporter any candidate entity that has not previously reported unclaimed property. The candidate entities that previously reported unclaimed property are further evaluated to determine if the previous reports of unclaimed property satisfied predetermined conditions and, if not, to identify any such candidate entities as a potential under-reporter.	1
The shoe protector, in accordance with the invention, protects the driver's right shoe from scuffing at all points where the shoe would normally come into contact with the car floor, the pedals and other portions of the car interior.	1
Also, as the fixation portions are employed instead of the guide panel, material costs and mold manufacture costs can be reduced and the backlight unit can become lighter in weight.	1
Another object of the invention is to create a billiard game where the opponent places the five balls anywhere on the table at least one ball length apart from any other ball.	1
The present invention provides an electronic apparatus, which can provide a specific function by stably detecting an approaching or leaving user, even if there is an obstacle between the electronic apparatus and the user (external terminal).	1
An advantage of some aspects of the invention is to provide a rear projector and a projection system that can achieve high image quality by suppressing unevenness and glaring of display through reliable and efficient prevention of scintillation to be caused by projected lights.	1
Also disclosed herein is a method of producing petroleum from an earth formation. The method includes: disposing an injection assembly in a first borehole, the injection assembly including an injector extending from a distal end of the assembly, the injector including a first conduit and a second conduit concentric with the first conduit, the first conduit having a first distal end and the second conduit having a second distal end, the first and second distal ends located at different locations along a length of the first borehole; disposing a production assembly in a second borehole, the production assembly including a production conduit extending between a distal location of the borehole and a proximal location of the borehole; injecting a thermal source into the injector and through a plurality of openings on a portion of the first and second conduits to introduce thermal energy to a portion of the earth formation and reduce a viscosity of the material therein; and recovering the material through the production assembly.	1
According to another embodiment a method of forming a multi-chamber mask includes providing a first layer of deformable material covering portions of a facial surface, the facial surface representing physical features of a user's face, the covered portions of the facial surface portions corresponding to the user's mouth and at least a portion of the user's nose including the nostrils. One or more openings are provided in the first layer of deformable material corresponding to the user's mouth and nostrils. One or more spacers are provided covering at least a portion of the facial surface corresponding to the user's mouth. A second layer of deformable material is provided over the one or more spacers and at least a portion of the first layer. A partition is provided between the first and second layers of deformable material adapted to cooperate with the first and second layers of deformable material to define a first chamber and a second chamber, the first chamber adapted to be positioned proximate the user's nose to direct inflow of gas from a gas supply source to the user's nasal passages, the second chamber adapted to be positioned proximate the user's mouth to restrict outflow of gas from the user's mouth in response to inflow of gas from the gas supply source to the user's nasal passages, the partition adapted to restrict flow of gas between the first and the second chamber. The first layer of deformable material is coupled to the second layer of deformable material, with the partition between the first and second layers of deformable material, to form the multi-chamber mask.	1
In one representative embodiment of a coiled tubing injector, a planar surface of a skate, along which grippers of a gripping chain move, includes an intermediate interruption in the surface that momentarily reduces or removes the force being applied by the skate, allowing the gripper to reposition itself on the tubing.	1
The present invention is also directed to a method by which myopia progression may be retarded (and in many cases, halted or reversed) with the use of a novel optical device having a predetermined off-axis aberration controlled design that abates, retards or eliminates eye growth.	1
According to one embodiment of the post-installed anchor, the expansion end of the fixation member has a longer length in an axial direction than a length of the threaded end of the fixation member screwed to the threaded end of the bolt body. This arrangement has the sufficient length of the expansion end and allows for deformation of the expansion end accompanied induced by the rotation of the bolt body and the sufficient bite of the expansion end into the inner wall of the pilot hole.	1
Embodiments of the apparatuses for gradient immersion lithography with multiple layers of media partitioned by moveable plates are advantageous in that the multiple layers of media can bridge the gap of refractive index between the optical lens element and the substrate. Design and material of the optical lens elements can develop towards higher refraction index to achieve higher resolution. Furthermore, by controlling the position of the movable plates, thickness of the media can be controlled corresponding to different absorption coefficient. Note that more than one or more movable plates can be provided for partition of media between the optical lens element and the substrate.	1
Of course, the cool fluid could be vented separately from the hot fluid, but it is simpler and therefore more advantageous to vent them jointly. In any case, however, the present invention overcomes the disadvantages of the prior art. It is desirable that the crimped filamentary material be so guided out of the enclosed space that it will move in the cool fluid which advances in counterflow to it into the space.	1
And another advantage of the present bio-waste disposal system is that the present bio-waste disposal system may have an LED indicator to indicate a low battery power level, on or off status, malfunctions or other important information. The LED indicator may be located on an external mounted power pack so as to not cause potential safety problems if the electrical circuitry is exposed to water.	1
In another aspect of the embodiment for designing and providing a simultaneous vision type correcting lens, use of the wavefront sensor facilitates the optimum lateral, vertical, and rotational placement of the lens to optimize the retinal image metric. This can be accomplished, e.g., by adjusting the position of the patient's head and, therefore, the patient's optical axis with respect to the measurement axis of the wavefront sensor or, alternatively, utilizing a feedback loop in the wavefront sensor to determine the optimum location in the lens for aberration correction. In a related aspect, wherein a patient has had photorefractive surgery such as LASIK, for example, a retreatment may be performed to correct for misalignment or decentration of the original ablation treatment that resulted in vision degrading higher-order aberrations. Upon retreatment, the surgeon may choose not to fully eliminate the residual spherical aberration.	1
To sum up, the embodiment of the instant disclosure provides the manufacturing method of the circuit pattern, which can form a three-dimensional (or a curved surface) circuit pattern on the substrate. This method can provide sufficient binding strength between the circuit pattern and the substrate and improve the manufacturing quality of the circuit pattern as well as save the associated cost. The plastic material of the substrate which used to loading the circuit pattern isn't restrict to any specific material, which can prevent the three-dimensional pattern from color cast of the substrate and save the associated cost caused by the laser craving of the conventional method.	1
It has been established through trial and error that the movement of the float which can take place freely as the cleaner moves through a body of water, but which is constrained at limiting positions determined by the seal and deflector respectively, in one sense, and in a transverse sense by the shoulders D 1 and E 1 respectively, contributes materially to the effectiveness of the cleaning pattern of the cleaner because the randomness of movement, of the cleaner, is enhanced. The float 68 positioned as shown in FIG. 2, i.e. between the deflector and the axle, helps the cleaner to maintain its correct orientation under various operating conditions. Effectively a moment is established about the axis 20 in that the weight, which is made from a dense material such as lead, pulls the associated side of the cleaner downwardly while the float, on an opposing side, causes the opposing side to move upwardly. A highly effective cleaning action is thus achieved	1
The present invention provides for a significant improvement in the effectiveness of crimping. On the one hand, the counterpressure which builds up at the outlet end of the space as a result of the incoming cool fluid tends to result in a more rapid and more reliable development of a plug of crimped filamentary material in the space when the apparatus is first put into service. Furthermore, the resistance or counterpressure provided in this manner is much more uniform than that which previously resulted from frictional engagement of the plug of crimped filamentary material with the wall surrounding the space or chamber, and as a result a more even crimping of the filamentary material is obtained. Particularly advantageous results are obtained if both the hot and cool fluid are supplied by the same fluid source, because in such a case pressure variations will negate one another as between the hot and the cool fluid, so that the possibility of uneven crimping is further removed.	1
Considerably higher runnability and higher efficiency of the apparatus result due to this configuration. The catch pan located in the area of the outfeed nip ensures that water drops no longer get onto the structured fabric. The invention is particularly applicable in tissue production, as described in WO 2005/075737 A1.	1
A preferred suggestion provides that the tubes and also the primary manifolds, preferably the upper and the lower primary manifold, and also the individual secondary manifolds, consist of a material or material that can be extruded, such as, in particular, aluminum or aluminum alloys, magnesium or similar light metals suitable for extrusion. These materials have good heat transfer properties, on the one hand, and on the other hand are corrosion-resistant because of the oxide layers they form, so that varnishing or similar coating or surface treatment can be eliminated, and furthermore they can be produced in simple manner, namely preferably extruded with any desired shape.	1
Therefore, the lifter can achieve the efficacies of miniaturization, fine-tuning and low-cost by utilizing the combination of simple mechanical elements comprising a base, a sliding seat, a sliding block and an adjustable screw bolt to perform a fine tuning in the X-axis, Y-axis and Z-axis directions, respectively so as to position the adjustable screw bolt to support a heavy article.	1
According to one or more embodiments, distance from a target is determined by using a camera capable of running custom software and, according to some examples, displaying feedback to the user (such as may be provided by a smartphone or other mobile or portable device, such as a tablet or laptop computer). According to one or more embodiments, the methods provided do not require specific information about the camera and can be run on most consumer mobile phones or any portable computing device that includes a camera.	1
In an aspect, the first technology includes one of Long Term Evolution (LTE), LTE-Advanced, or fifth generation (5G), and wherein the second technology includes Dedicated Short Range Communications (DSRC). In an aspect, the sequence comprises a pilot sequence of known length is used for demodulation. In an aspect, the sequence is predefined for a time-frequency resource for one or more time-frequency resources allocated for the sequence. In an aspect, the sequence is predefined or dynamically configured by a base station. In an aspect, the sequence repeats on a plurality of physical resource block pairs of a subframe to allow for different lengths. In an aspect, the sequence is included in one half of a last symbol of a subframe. In an aspect, the determination of the presence of a second technology based on the determined fractional energy includes comparison of the determined fractional energy to a predetermined threshold; and determination of the presence of the second technology based on the comparison. In an aspect, the apparatus may further select a different channel for communication based on the determined presence of the second technology or switch to the second technology for communication based on the determined presence of the second technology.	1
In addition, the blocking wall is provided between the tub and the drum for preventing hot air discharged through the rear outlet end from flowing between the inner circumferential surface of the tub and the outer circumferential surface of the drum. Consequently, effective flow rate of the hot air discharged into the drum is increased.	1
The cross-section of the supporting pillar for coupling the subsidiary reflector and the main reflector to each other is a polygon having at least one pair of parallel lines. The median line of the parallel lines is disposed along the optical axis of the light radially emitted from the LED light source. This construction hardly gives influence on light beams. Therefore the light emitted from the LED light source can be efficiently utilized for illumination.	1
The rotor for the tube pump of the present invention can be applied to the tube pump wherein the rotor is rotated not only in the normal direction, but also in the reverse direction, so as to reduce the pulsations and the load, and to run the tube pump for a long time.	1
The device includes a buoyant body for tracking the rise and fall of the waves and a working surface coupled for movement with the buoyant body and which is designed to capture and convert both heave and surge forces of the waves for optimum efficiency in capturing wave energy. The shape of the working surface includes a lower portion extending downwardly and forwardly into the oncoming waves enhancing the ability of the device to capture wave energy to a substantial depth below the surface of the waves instead of relying only on buoyancy to drive upward movement of the buoyant body. Weight of the buoyant body or any additional ballast provided increase efficiency by driving the buoyant body downwardly into the troughs between adjacent wave crests.	1
This present invention is based on new learning from our experiments that demonstrates that the peripheral retinal image (i.e. peripheral vision) plays a major role in determining overall eye length, and is an effective stimulus that promotes peripheral and total eye growth that results in axial elongation, an overall increase in eye size and myopia.	1
Moreover, the front outlet end is directly connected to the upper part of the front surface of the tub. As a result, the hot air does not pass through the gasket. Consequently, damage to the gasket is prevented, and therefore, decrease in service life of the gasket is prevented.	1
The common feature of the process A and the process B is that the equivalent weight of aluminum bromide is larger than the equivalent weight of acenaphthene and the equivalent weight of oxalyl bromide in the reaction field (reaction solution) from the beginning (from the start of mixing). This improves the yield.	1
Another objective of the present invention is to provide a divided LED lamp, which effectively overcomes cable connection and water-tightness problem caused by separately arranging LED assemblies and LED electronics in individual and independent casing members and provides a safe and reliable structure, which particularly shows enhanced performance of water resistance and heat dissipation for outdoor facility.	1
The shelf may further comprise unexpanded areas along the front and rear edges of the shelf. Such unexpanded areas may be bent out of the plane of the top surface to provide a stronger shelf.	1
Thus, according to the present invention, a highly durable semiconductor single crystal manufacturing apparatus can be provided by growing the single crystal silicon in a state that the exposed portion of the wire near its tip end keeps a prescribed temperature or less in the high-temperature atmosphere within the furnace when the seed holder is at a position in contact with the melt.	1
According the first aspect of the invention, the lower knife is supported by the lower knife holder and the thread-sliding piece is supported by the thread-sliding piece holder, the lower knife holder and the thread-sliding piece being different bodies. In addition, the lower knife can be moved more outwards than the outside marginal position of the thread-sliding piece holder in the lateral direction by the lower knife holder adjusting means. Therefore, the thread-sliding piece which may interfere with the upper looper is limited in its moving amount so as not to move to the position interfering with the upper looper (outside marginal position), while the lower knife can be moved further outwards without being limited by the moving amount of the thread-sliding piece. Thus, the width from the stitch point to the cutting position of the upper knife and the lower knife can be assured sufficiently wide. Accordingly, even when darning is made on e.g. an elastic cloth, the darning can be suitably aligned to the cloth end after cutting. As a result, darning can be suitably made on various cloths.	1
According to one embodiment of the post-installed anchor, the fixation member has at least four cuts, and the expansion end is divided into multiple expansion pieces by the at least four cuts to have a shape widened toward an edge of the expansion end. The post-installed anchor of this embodiment has the expansion end divided into four or a greater number of expansion pieces, thus facilitating the expansion.	1
If a multiple number of sleeve stacks are arranged on each machine side, the capacity of the sleeves provided is thereby markedly increased compared to a front-side arrangement of the sleeve stacks. Thus, significantly more sleeves can be stacked. Thus, the mostly manually performed equipping of the sleeve stacks with sleeves can be carried out with a high degree of efficiency, since, given the high capacity, a re-equipping process must take place only rarely.	1
It is a feature of the present invention in that it teaches the first method known to cause primate stem cells in culture to repeatedly, directly, individually and in synchrony predominantly differentiate into a committed cell lineage.	1
By solving the problems of flavor and airflow, the heat not burn electronic cigarette device of the present application is able to provide the users a healthier smoking experience while it is much closer to the traditional cigarettes.	1
According to claim 1 of the invention, a tape printing apparatus including a cartridge compartment for removably mounting a tape cartridge therein, and an ejection mechanism for lifting the tape cartridge mounted, from the cartridge compartment is characterized in that the cartridge compartment has a bottom thereof formed with a seat portion for seating thereon the tape cartridge in a mounted state, and a lift plate of the ejection mechanism for lifting a tape cartridge is positioned away from the tape cartridge seated on the seat portion when the lift plate is in a standby state.	1
Thus, the output line is not pre-charged with any OR-plane clock signal, and the output line is not coupled to any OR-plane clock signal. In this manner, the DPLA of the present invention includes a clock signal only within the AND-plane without any clock signal in the OR-plane. Instead of a clock signal, the enable unit determines the logical state of the OR-function output. Such a DPLA without a clock signal in the OR-plane operates properly without any delay constraint between clock signals in both the AND-plane and the OR-plane of the prior art. Thus, the DPLA of the present invention may operate properly for higher frequencies than in the prior art.	1
The UL144 protein was initially modeled using the solved structure of HVEM in part because of their homology (FIG. 1A). However, there are subtle binding differences between UL144 and HVEM to certain BTLA mutants, to BTLA bound to the 6F4 antibody, and to BTLA in cis indicated non-identical interactions (FIG. 3, 4). UL144 could not be reverted to a CD160-binding protein through individual point mutation, likely reflecting multiple specificity changes that arose during virus-host evolution. As a result the UL144 protein is highly antigenic despite retention of BTLA binding across strains. In contrast, tumor-associated HVEM each contain only one mutation that alone could not abolish all CD160 binding. There are other examples of TNF receptors interacting with Ig domains for example, NGFRp75 with Longo1. Notably HVEM itself was initially identified through its interaction with the Ig domain of Herpes simplex virus glycoprotein D. CMV expresses another protein, ORF UL141, which binds TNF-related apoptosis inducing ligand receptors (TRAIL-R). The co-complex of these two proteins was recently solved showing that UL141 folds as an Ig domain, however, contact between these proteins occurs on the surface where the ligand TRAIL engages TRAIL-R, distinct from HVEM interactions with BTLA or CD160. HVEM may be unique in adopting several protein species of ligands, and complexes between the N-terminal cysteine rich domain 1 (CRD1) of TNFR proteins and Ig domains do not appear to be a favored type of protein-protein interaction among eukaryotes. It is interesting to note more frequent use of these unconventional interactions by diverse viruses, leading to the tempting suggestion that modulating immune receptors may enhance pathogen survival.	1
This invention incorporates a swivel locking latch and associated mechanism that allows easy configuration from ANSI 08 function to ANSI 09 function. The invention also easily incorporates either electrical fail safe or electrical fail secure locking functions where the locking latch itself does not need to be changed.	1
The user customization method and system provided by the disclosure provide a visual customization environment for the users, and make the users execute the customization operations for the terminal software on the visual interface, customize the terminal software, so as to obtain the terminal software which can satisfy the own demands via simple operations; thus, the personalized demands of the different users can be satisfied, and the research and development pressure of the manufacturers can be reduced.	1
In an exemplary embodiment of the disclosure, at least one heating device can be arranged in-between the membrane and the gripper finger. The heating device can heat the membrane or parts of the membrane to the glass transition temperature or higher, so that it is possible to initiate the return of the shape memory polymer to its initial shape before generating a new cast within the membrane. The heating device can be a flat and electrically heated element for example. This can have the advantage that the membrane is heated homogenously in a short time, such as a few seconds. The electrical power of such a heating device can be, for example, some few Watts for a very small membrane and up to a 100 Watts and more for bigger ones	1
It is still another object of the invention to provide a control interface which is easily configurable.	1
In practice, the composite baffle and fin structure of this invention is not subject to entanglement of the clothes, a difficulty which is commonly encountered under high load conditions and when drying fabrics of considerable area. A collateral advantage of the fin extensions of this invention is that, under light loads, the garments are free to tumble rather than continuously engaging the baffles. In the past it was common to promote free tumbling of the clothes through the drum by increasing the speed of rotation, thereby reducing the entanglement. However, this resulted in other difficulties and effected little improvement under low load conditions.	1
And an advantage of the present high reaching pruning apparatus is that the present device has a hook which stabilizes the saw during the cutting and pruning of the tree.	1
The inventors show that by modifying the expression of the genes involved in the import of glucose, the glucose import into the microorganism is improved and the production of methionine by the microorganism is increased. Further, the inventors have found that modifying the expression of the genes involved in the import of glucose decreases the production of by-products ketomethylvalerate (KMV) and homolanthionine (HLA), thus improving the purity of the product methionine. In one embodiment, expression of the gene ptsG encoding IICB Glc is enhanced. While the expression of ptsG may be enhanced by any means known in the art, in one embodiment, the gene ptsG is overexpressed under the control of an inducible or a constitutive promoter. In another embodiment, the gene ptsG does not contain the sequence of the binding site for the small RNA sgrS.	1
According to the second aspect of the invention, the same effect as the first aspect of the invention can be obtained. In addition, the lateral position of the tip of the thread-sliding piece can be adjusted independently of the lateral moving amount of the lower knife holder. So, both distances of the thread-sliding piece and the lower knife from the stitch point can be set individually. Thus, even when darning is made on the elastic cloth, it can be suitably made according to material changes with no thread redundancy or thread shortage due to the thickness or contractive property of the elastic cloth.	1
The present invention further provides a novel liquid ejection device. In one embodiment, a novel liquid ejection device includes a liquid ejection head, a waveform generating device, and a waveform applying device. The liquid ejection head is configured to include a liquid pressurizing chamber, nozzles communicating with the liquid pressurizing chamber, and a pressure generating device that generates pressure in the liquid pressurizing chamber based on a drive waveform. The waveform generating device is configured to generate a preliminary ejection drive waveform with a predetermined number of successive drive pulses aligned in descending order of length of drive pulse intervals of the drive pulses, with each of the drive pulse intervals set to an integral multiple of a natural vibration period of the liquid pressurizing chamber. The waveform applying device is configured to apply the generated preliminary ejection drive waveform to the pressure generating device to cause the liquid ejection head to perform a preliminary ejecting operation.	1
The adsorptive filtering material of the present invention has the decisive advantage that it combines, in one material so to speak, the diametrically opposed properties of a high protective function in respect of chemical toxicant and warfare agent materials on the one hand and a high wearing comfort due to the defined gas/air perviousness. The adsorptive filtering material of the present invention is therefore particularly useful for military deployment, more particularly in conjunction with physical exertions, since the gas/air perviousness of the adsorptive filtering material of the present invention ensures, in addition to the high protective function in respect of chemical toxicant and warfare agent materials, a high wearing comfort due to the effective removal of water vapor resulting from the sweating of the wearer. In this context, the material of the blocking layers per se, i.e., the region between the perforations, is at least essentially air impervious and water impervious, but preferably water vapor pervious, so that this results in an additional protective function in respect of chemical toxicant and warfare agent materials. The protective functions are further improved by the presence of the adsorptive layer.	1
For this reason, the cell holder can be supported with a cushioning action when the cell holder is supported from the inner surface of the case with the extending portions interposed therebetween. Accordingly, even though impact or vibration applied from the outside is received, the cell holder is sufficiently supported by the case. Therefore, it is possible to further enhance the integration of the cell holder and the case. Meanwhile, the extending portions may be adapted to support the cell holder with a cushioning action when receiving impact or vibration. For this purpose, the extending portions may be adapted to be capable of coming into elastic contact with the inner surface of the case. That is, the extending portions do not necessarily need to constantly come into contact with the inner surface of the case.	1
In another aspect of the invention, the apparatus features at least one tufting frame which is formed by a parallel beam structure that is oriented along an X-axis and is mounted to the support frame in a way that permits the beams to travel in either direction along a Y-axis. More specifically, the tufting frame is connected to and propelled along the support frame via a frame drive mechanism which may be comprised of: (a) a pair of timing belts attached to the lateral ends of the support frame and oriented along parallel Y-axes; (b) a pair of tufting frame-mounted gears that engage the belts; and (c) servomotors capable of rotating each gear bi-directionally to propel the tufting frame along the support frame. The servomotors are controlled by a computer within which the graphic pattern to be tufted is stored. In another aspect, the tufting head of the apparatus is movably mounted to the tufting frame in much the same fashion as the tufting frame itself is to the support frame. Thus, the tufting head is able to travel laterally (i.e., along an X-axis) relative to the backing in order to construct lateral tuft rows thereupon and, via tufting frame movement, the head travels longitudinally in order to initiate construction of new lateral tuft rows.	1
Structural members commonly used to form the chase are solid wood, laminated veneer lumber (LVL) or any suitable structural equivalent utilized in building construction. Through utilization of a chase or cavity defined by structural members, embodiments of the present invention provide a lightweight, structural insulated panel capable of forming high strength connections to hold down anchorage attachments in a foundation or footing with a minimum of connectors within the panel. The structural chase described herein also increases the bending strength and the compressive strength of the panel.	1
Also, a column-like component having an open section is molded into the component shape and then ironed, because the strength becomes high due to the work hardening, the weight reduction of the vehicle body can be achieved.	1
As described herein, the devices can include any number of configurations to prevent rotation between adjacent sleeves but allow axial movement between the sleeves. For example, the sleeves can be mechanically coupled via a pin/slot or key/keyway configuration. In an additional variation, the sleeves can be non-circular to prevent rotation.	1
The apparatus is configured to mix a first fuel stream with a laminar flow of air passing through a first airflow channel to produce a straight-line air/fuel mixture. The apparatus is also configured to mix a second fuel stream with a swirling flow of air passing through a second airflow channel to produce a swirling air/fuel mixture. An ignitor is configured and arranged to ignite a combustible mixture comprising the straight-line and swirling air/fuel mixtures in a combustion chamber to produce a stable flame.	1
Additionally, with the method for manufacturing natural rubber of the present technology, the magnesium content in the natural rubber latex is reduced by performing a treatment for removing the magnesium in a natural rubber latex and, therefore, rubber viscosity is lowered. The gel component in the natural rubber can be reduced by adding at least one type of sulfonic acid selected from the group consisting of the monoalkyl sulfonic acid, the polyoxyethylene alkyl ether sulfonic acid, and the alkylbenzene sulfonic acid expressed by the Formulas (1) to (3) to the natural rubber latex from which the magnesium was removed and removing the moisture from the mixture and, therefore, the rubber viscosity can be further lowered. Moreover, it is possible to suppress the increase in rubber viscosity over time and, therefore, the lowered viscosity of the natural rubber can be stabilized and the processability thereof can be enhanced. Note that the sulfonic acids are different from conventional viscosity stabilizers such as hydroxylamine and the like in that they can be used without health and safety issues.	1
The random fiber sheet is preferably produced from polyamide fibers. Polyamide fibers have a higher moisture absorption capacity, which is also expressed as a higher wettability, than polyester fibers. Greater adhesion of the polymer, which is used for the impregnation, to the individual fibers is therefore achieved. The polyamide fiber also exhibits greater resiliency after mechanical loading than does the polyester fiber. This means that the polyamide fiber is more likely than the polyester fiber to return to the original state after mechanical loading. In the present application, these mechanical restoring forces result in an increased service life of the clothing carrier.	1
2) A Novel Method for Synchronously Saccharified Solid State Fermentation Radix Puerariae	1
In another embodiment, a vehicle includes a tailgate assembly including a tailgate shaft that provides a pivot location for locating the tailgate assembly in an open configuration and a closed configuration. A tailgate damping system for controlling movement of the tailgate assembly. The tailgate damping system includes a speed sensor that provides rotational speed information of the tailgate shaft of the tailgate assembly. A controller receives the rotational speed information from the speed sensor. A damping control assembly receives the tailgate shaft. The damping control assembly includes a housing comprising a rotor chamber including a rotor member located therein. The rotor member is connected to a rotor shaft that is coupled to the tailgate shaft. A valve chamber includes a control valve located therein. The controller closes the control valve to inhibit exit of a damping fluid from the rotor chamber based on the speed information received from the speed sensor.	1
Competing machines (floating hitch or rigid hitch) do not have the sideways compliance of this invention and offer no protection to the supported machinery in terms of forces causing sideways movements of the machinery support frames. They rely on extremely heavy construction to limit damage.	1
An object of the present invention is to provide a method for preventing shield-jamming due to excessive friction in an earth pressure balance shield machine with a method for real-time monitoring and alert to the friction of a shield casing, thus pretreatment engineering measures can be timely employed to avoid a construction failure which requires the shut down of shield machine.	1
When the torque limiting device is designed in accordance with the present invention it has the advantage that the maximum value of the motor current which is provided from a torque nominal value setting, is determined in dependence on the rotary speed of the electric motor, whereby the torque peaks possible due to the kinetic energy of the rotating masses and occurring in hard screwing case can be included in the regulating and/or turning off criterium. For this purpose, additionally to a detection device for the motor current received during the operation of the motor, a rotary speed detection device is available. The rotary speed detected by the rotary speed detection device and the motor current registered by the current detection device are transmitted to a control and/or regulating device which places these parameters in a relation relative to one another.	1
Yet another embodiment relates to a method of wearing an earring. The method includes twisting a coil of the earring onto an earlobe. The earlobe is disposed between two adjacent rings of the coil. A pad having a higher coefficient of sliding friction with respect to skin can be disposed on one or more of the adjacent rings. In one preferred embodiment, the earring can be held onto the earlobe stably without excessive squeezing, pinching or discomfort.	1
Accordingly, an object of the present invention is a mainspring which is corrosion resistant, has high elasticity, high proportional limit and long life.	1
The present invention comprises a modular telescoping surgical instrument. Several embodiments and mechanisms are disclosed that provide configuration flexibility and length adjustment of a working end of the modular telescoping surgical instrument relative to a handle of the modular telescoping surgical instrument.	1
By using the method, a direction of airbag deployment depending on the positioning of the vehicle seat is predetermined, such that the direction of airbag deployment is optimized in relation to the position of the driver and the protective effect of the airbag for the driver is thus improved. In other words, a safety level for the driver is increased in the autonomous driving mode of the vehicle.	1
In the methods and tools described herein are generally directed to a game tool and game method, in particular a game tool and game method having an educational effect in psychology and social interaction. The game tools described teach a logical way of approaching groups of people that help a player develop self-confidence and enhance the player's social interaction skills. The game tools promote interaction between individuals in a social setting. The game involves a number of methods and activities to be performed by at least one player to elicit a desired response by at least one person, who is sometimes in a group. When the player performs each task based on the game tool, the player may move to the next stage of the game. The player is rewarded by receiving points based on his or her performance within the specific game tool. The object of the game is to develop a logical way of approaching groups of people that help a player develop self-confidence and enhance the player's social interaction skills while playing a game that is scored.	1
The combined or integral nozzle and sprue chamber is an inexpensive device and can, in many cases, be produced at a considerably lower cost than is required where a sprue chamber has to be built or incorporated into a mold. This is particularly advantageous where the present invention is to be used with molds for very widely differing molded parts, as in each case the mold is a simple mold with no built-in sprue chamber. Good versatility can be obtained at minimal cost. While various molds can be used with the present invention, it should be understood that when a particular mold is being used, it in fact forms a portion of the organization of the present invention.	1
The inventor has also found that the compound 1 can be obtained in high yield by adding dropwise a solution of aluminum bromide in the compound X and a solution of acenaphthene and oxalyl bromide in the compound X to a container (e.g., the two solutions may be added simultaneously).	1
FIG. 2 schematically shows selected portions of an elevator system 60 . An elevator car 62 is supported for movement within a hoistway, for example. A controller 64 is programmed to control operation of a machine 66 to achieve desired movement of the elevator car 62 . The controller 64 is programmed to cause the elevator car 62 to move with a motion profile that includes a plurality of jerk values. The controller 64 is programmed to cause at least one transition between two of the jerk values to be at a non-instantaneous transition rate. Controlling the transitions between different jerk values in this example provides a reduced amount of vibration in the elevator car 62 to improve ride quality. At the same time, the flight time for an elevator run is not lengthened by using a non-instantaneous transition rate between different jerk values.	1
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an optical recording medium having excellent recording characteristics such as recording mark stability and jitter.	1
A further object of the present invention is to provide a lighted control console of the class described wherein the lamp shield is both easily fastened and easily removed from the console.	1
An aspect of the invention provides a method of manufacturing a wafer level package, in which a seed layer for forming a rewiring pattern may be used to form a metal pillar, to increase the efficiency of the manufacturing process and the reliability of the manufactured product.	1
According to the present invention, since the pilot hammer drill and the reamer hammer drill rotate simultaneously, it is not necessary to install separate equipment for driving respectively the pilot hammer drill and the reamer hammer drill within the hammer drill, thereby simplifying the structure of the drilling machine and reducing the cost to manufacture the machine.	1
This disclosure relates to burner heads used in lubricating glassware molds in glassware forming machines. In particular, the disclosure relates to an actuator for the burner head that facilitates movement of the burner head in a variety of directions while maintaining the burner head in a level position.	1
It is a further object and advantage of the present invention to provide a method for forming biomedical surfaces having nanoscale topography that is less costly.	1
To interact with the device, a user may access functionality from an app running on a smart phone using an application programming interface (API) function, for example. Alternatively or additionally, a user may initiate, control and otherwise interact with the device through taps. As discussed herein, aspects of the present disclosure involve innovative mechanisms to distinguish actual taps from a user from any myriad of possible false positives. The device detects and determines walking or running cadence, and is able to calculate distance and pace, again distinguishing from events that are not footsteps and hence not applicable to cadence, etc. The device, in some instances, is able to optimize accuracy of such measurements by correlating heart rate and/or calibration techniques. Moreover, the device is able to avoid steps or functionality that introduce noise and result in inaccurate determinations. In yet another aspect the device is also able to accurately determine vertical oscillation (step height) for a runner or walker.	1
Seismic vibrators and methods for operating such vibrators according to the various aspects of the invention may provide more robust seismic signal detection, may reduce environmental impact of seismic surveying by spreading seismic energy over a relatively wide frequency range, and may increase the efficiency of seismic surveying by enabling simultaneous operation of a plurality of seismic sources while enabling detection of seismic energy from individual ones of the seismic sources.	1
The disclosure affords a simple internal gear pump construction having a one-piece separator, which makes the internal gear pump easy to assemble. A further advantage of the disclosure is that it compensates for manufacturing tolerances and allows larger manufacturing tolerances. Wear to the tooth tips of the gear wheels internally and externally on the separator is also compensated for. In addition, the disclosure allows the tooth tips of the ring gear and the pinion to have a long contact surface against the separator in a circumferential direction, and the internal gear pump, as already stated, has a high volumetric efficiency.	1
It is thus another aspect of the invention to provide both a material and a topology that provide at least one of: a sufficient surface area for the construction of integrated-circuit type microelectronics, a sufficient surface area or curved-surface area that may provide a carrier for bioactive chemical compounds, a desirable shape for an antenna or optical conduit, and/or an aspect ratio allowing the generation of an electrical dipole for electrical manipulation of the dispersible element in tissue.	1
Preferably, the outer frame portion surrounds, in the bone-surface contacting area, at least 80% of the circumference around the central open portion. More preferably, the outer frame portion is a closed frame. The more the outer frame portion is closed, the more stabilizing and rigid it will be.	1
The present disclosure can provide a washing machine capable of suppressing the situation that the structure of the upper cover becomes complicated and the situation that operability of the upper cover is decreased, and allowing the user to operate by operation buttons arranged on the upper cover.	1
Particularly memorable information concerning the value represented by the luminous shape is obtained when the luminous shape formed by the illuminant is symmetrical with respect to a display meridian. The meridian is an imaginary line which extends from the top to the bottom and forms a symmetric line. When the luminous shape is symmetrical to this line, rhythmically controlled illuminants result in a pulsating effect which itself can easily be interpreted as a symbolic expression of vehicle-relevant functions, such as existing or limited operability of the vehicle or, for example, an arbitrarily activated direction indication.	1
According to the laser beam processing apparatus of the present invention, because of the above configuration and actions, in the multi-branching and fiber-transmission scheme, the convergence, the beam mode, the power dividing ratio, the numerical apertures, etc., of the laser beam can be improved and, as a result, the quality of the multi-point simultaneous processing and the multi-position processing can be improved.	1
The hair growth and hair restoration material according to the present invention contains, as an active ingredient, a steryl glucopyranoside, preferably a cholesteryl glucopyranoside, and exhibits excellent hair growth and hair restoration effects even at a dilute concentration.	1
Further, the change rate of the dielectric coefficient of the object to be processed is calculated by the detection module to determine whether the thawing is completed or not. Compared with the mode of determining whether the thawing is completed or not by sensing the temperature of the object to be processed in the prior art, the determining mode of the present invention is more accurate, and the object to be processed can be further prevented from being excessively thawed. Tests show that the temperature of the object to be processed, thawed by the thawing device of the present invention, is generally −4 to −2° C. when the thawing is completed, and bloody water generated by thawing when the object to be processed is meat can be avoided.	1
In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, digital watermarking technology is employed to help track such imagery, and can also provide audit trail, serialization, anti-copying, and other benefits.	1
Formation of the chamber with precise dimensions provides the advantage of more control over the system, increases yield, and increases throughput. In addition, this method eliminates the second KOH step necessary to form the chamber in the prior art.	1
It is an aim of the invention to provide an apparatus of the kind described at the beginning that avoids or mitigates the mentioned disadvantages and especially that makes possible, in simple manner, a dimensionally stable clothed card flat and allows simpler and faster re-clothing (clothing replacement).	1
An object of the present invention, therefore, is the provision of novel suction manifold structure for use at the lickerin region of carding machines which is of simple and inexpensive construction, which can be easily installed on virtually any conventional carding machine construction, and which defines a suction intake slot along the width of the carding machine above the feed roll to capture trash and fly from the junction between the feed roll and lickerin cover and remove this fly and trash to a remote location.	1
The invention proposes, in a mounting, to carry out a genuine sealing-off of the bearing gap, using suitable a suitable seal, to prevent ex-factory penetration of ambient air into the bearing gap. According to the invention, however, the seal allows movement of the two bearing parts in relation to one another. In the case of a magnetic mounting of the type in question, after the assembly of all the components, it is necessary, for “commissioning” the mounting, to raise the rotor shaft and consequently the first bearing part and move it in relation to the second bearing part which is provided on the stator side and is stationary, the two bearing parts even being capable of touching one another. In this case, the rotor shaft is to be raised by a maximum of the width of the bearing gap, that is to say approximately 1.5 mm. After the superconductive state is reached, with sufficient cooling, currents can flow, free of loss, in the superconductive structure. The lowering of the rotor shaft due to its own weight induces currents in the superconductive structure owing to the adjacent permanent-magnetic elements. The interaction of the magnetic field thus generated with the field of the permanent magnets carries the rotor shaft in a contact-free manner. So that, during this action which it is absolutely necessary to carry out, the situation is avoided where ambient air penetrates and the disadvantages initially mentioned may therefore arise, the seal used is designed to allow or compensate for this movement, without losing sealing properties.	1
Other methods of creating the illusion of a line of various selected widths or even varying widths can include carving, burning, or otherwise defining an internal line by treating side portions. Furthermore, dripping and/or overdying, a design and/or creating a line could also be provided. When utilized with other similarly prepared tiles, a series of designs can provide additional effects, or even cooperating effects, which heretofore is not believed to have been done in the prior art.	1
To this aim, the invention relates to a device for inserting weft threads in a weaving machine, more particularly an airjet weaving machine, which device comprises at least one main blower with a respective thread clamp, with the characteristic that the thread clamp forms part of an element configured in a modular manner, whereby this element, configured in a modular manner, in itself may comprise one or more thread clamps. By using such elements, configured in a modular manner, the advantage is created that several thread clamps or groups of thread clamps can be assembled as one modular group in a compact manner. Moreover, the number of thread clamps per group can easily be increased, simply by increasing the number of modular elements. Another advantage is that in case of a defect in a thread clamp, only a limited number of parts, more particularly the element configured in a modular manner which comprises this thread clamp, must be replaced.	1
Yet another object of the present invention is a process for manufacturing a timepiece mainspring having high corrosion resistance, high elasticity and high proportional limit.	1
Many benefits are achieved by way of embodiments of the present invention over conventional techniques. For example, embodiments of the present invention provide an enhanced user experience in comparison with conventional wireless communications networks. Additionally, embodiments provide a user with the ability to conveniently view video footage stored on a computer or a web server on a television without having to perform any wireless network setup procedures. As an example, embodiments of the present invention provide a simple and reliable way for viewing videos, movies, photos, and other media on a home television. Utilizing the embodiments described herein, consumers can effectively bring their multimedia content onto their primary viewing device (i.e., the TV) and enjoy this media in a comfortable setting such as a living room. These and other embodiments of the invention along with many of its advantages and features are described in more detail in conjunction with the text below and attached figures.	1
According to another aspect of the invention, the extending portion may be provided as a part of the cell holding portion. For this reason, it is possible to simplify the molding of the cell holder and to reduce space that is required for the extending portions. Therefore, it is possible to efficiently provide for the extending portions while minimizing any increase in the size of the battery pack for an electric power tool.	1
The present invention has been conceived under the above-described circumstances. It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a method for efficiently manufacturing a chip resistor.	1
It is a further object of the invention to provide a weaving loom which can be economically manufactured and easily assembled with a minimum of moving parts and which is sturdy and reliable.	1
Still another advantage of the present bio-waste disposal system is that the present bio-waste disposal system may eliminate clogging associated with standard toilets by physically breaking down bio-waste and other articles placed in the toilet.	1
Because the present invention reduces root loads borne by the cam lug 200 and impact jaws 255 , 260 , a swinging weight mechanism constructed according to the present invention may be made with smaller, lighter designs having more favorable power to weight ratios. Although the illustrated embodiment includes both forward and reverse impact jaws 255 , 260 and forward and reverse hammer lugs 190 , 195 , and with first and second flanges 275 , 280 , other embodiments may include only one of each of these features and still be within the scope of the present invention.	1
An advantage of this construction will be clear in the following description. The connecting structure of the connecting pipe to the rubber hose is required to have both an ease of press-fitting (press-fit performance) of the connecting pipe and a sealing property (sealing performance) between the connecting pipe and the rubber hose. FIG. 10 shows a relationship of a diametrically enlarging rate and a sealing performance, in a rubber hose including a dip yarn (a reinforcing yarn dipped in a solution for surface treatment such as RFL) as a reinforcing yarn and a rubber hose including an ordinary yarn (a reinforcing yarn not subject to a treatment such as surface treatment) as a reinforcing yarn. As understood from FIG. 10, the rubber hose including the dip yarn is superior to the rubber hose including the ordinary yarn in the sealing performance under the same condition of a diametrically enlarging rate of the rubber hose. Here, the diametrically enlarging rate (%)=((an inner diameter of the rubber hose after diametrically enlarged−an inner diameter thereof before diametrically enlarged)/the inner diameter thereof before diametrically enlarged)×100. Namely, the rubber hose including the dip yarn may achieve a sealing performance equivalent to the rubber hose including the ordinary yarn under smaller diametrically enlarging rate. And, the press-fit performance of the connecting pipe relative to the rubber hose is improved as far as the diametrically enlarging rate is small. For example, as explained in Table 1 (Table 1 explains the press-fit performance and the sealing performance when the diametrically enlarging rate is varied), in the rubber hose including the dip yarn (for example, when a reinforcing layer is formed from the dip yarn), a good sealing performance is achieved under a diametrically enlarging rate of 15%. On the other hand, in the rubber hose including the ordinary yarn (for example, when a reinforcing layer is formed from the ordinary yarn), a satisfactory sealing performance is not be achieved until the diametrically enlarging rate is increased to 30%. This is thanks to an anchor effect of the dip yarn relative to the rubber hose.	1
The method of the present invention achieves good adhesiveness between multiple metal layers and improves the metal compactness and the surface smoothness, and facilitates subsequent metal surface treatment.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide a casing hanger that allows the use of a minimum sized blowout preventer for drilling operations while maintaining full bore access through the wellhead housing bore.	1
effectiveness of these compounds to adsorb on the metal surface and inhibit corrosion. For example, monohalogenated benzene (chlorobenzene) exhibits an optimum solubility which results in a high level of inhibitor efficiency even at low concentration levels (Table I). Increasing the number of halogen atoms on the benzene ring increases the ability of the molecule to attach itself on the metal surface presumably through “chemisorption” by means of the halogen atoms. However, at the same time an increase in the number of the halogen atoms on the benzene ring decreases its solubility in the corrosive solution. The net result is a decrease in inhibitor effectiveness by increasing the number of halogen atoms. This can be seen by the decreasing inhibitor efficiency in going from chlorobenzene to dichlorobenzene to hexachlorobenzene (Tables I, H, III). This is also the order to decreasing solubility of these compounds in the aqueous corrosive solutions.	1
It is an object of the present invention to provide a pool cover framework that is designed to prevent the typical sagging of the pool cover, thus adequately covering the pool and preventing any water or debris from entering the pool.	1
The rule member includes a graduation provided on each of the inclined surfaces adjacent an edge of the rule member for allowing the graduations of the inclined surfaces to be seen by a user. The markings of the rod include a ratio different from that of the graduations of the rule member.	1
At films, the printed 3D object may bend, warp, roll, cud, or otherwise deform during the 3D printing process. Auxiliary supports may be inserted to circumvent the deformation. These auxiliary supports may be subsequently removed from the printed 3D object to produce a requested 3D product (e.g., 3D object). The presence of auxiliary supports may increase the cost and time required to manufacture the 3D object. At times, the requirement for the presence of auxiliary supports hinders (e.g., prevent) formation of cavities and/or ledges in the requested 3D object. The requirement for the presence of auxiliary supports may place constraints on the design of 3D objects, and/or on their respective materialization. In some embodiments, the inventions in the present disclosure facilitate the generation of 3D objects with reduced degree of deformation. In some embodiments, the inventions in the present disclosure facilitate generation of 3D objects that are fabricated with diminished number (e.g., absence) of auxiliary supports (e.g., without auxiliary supports). In some embodiments, the inventions in the present disclosure facilitate generation of 3D objects with diminished amount of design and/or fabrication constraints (referred to herein as “constraint-less 3D object”).	1
Broadly, an embodiment of the present invention provides a loom knitting apparatus that enables the user to complete the action of creating a purl or knit stitch on a loom in one fluid step, thereby speeding up the knitting process. The knitting apparatus may include a handle coupled to an arm extending therefrom along a longitudinal axis. The distal end of the arm provides a first hook portion and a second hook portion, wherein the hook portions diverge away from each other along a shared plane, forming supplementary angles relative to the longitudinal axis. The angle of each hook portion is less than or greater than a right angle relative to the longitudinal axis by a predetermined range so as to enable the manipulation of knitting stitches and working stands in the one-step formation of the purl or knit stitches on the loom.	1
Some embodiments of the present disclosure include a method of making a mattress topper with an air table. The method may include disposing the mattress topper on a top surface of the top panel of the air table, the top panel including a plurality of vents extending therethrough, causing air to blow through plurality of vents of the top panel of the air table, and causing the mattress topper to lift up relative to the top surface of the top panel of the air table.	1
Moreover, when creating a pharmaceutical large molecule, consideration must be made for the ability to produce the large molecule in large quantities, while minimizing aggregation and maximizing the stability of the molecule. The IL-2 mutein Fc-fusion molecules demonstrate such attributes.	1
The use of small drive rolls, instead of the larger pulleys required by the use of steel belts in the prior art, makes it possible to construct a machine incorporating the present invention in a simpler and less expensive manner. The use of smaller diameter rolls makes maintenance and handling of the upper carriage substantially easier; provides room for cooling apparatus; and reduces the required length of the mold belt.	1
The different examples of the full-moment connection collar systems described herein provide several advantages over known solutions for connecting one or more lateral structural members to a vertical member. For example, illustrative examples described herein allow precise connection of beams to a column in a building frame.	1
In one embodiment, each TMD is connected to a flow control device (FCD) associated with the switch fabric. Each TMD reports to FCD about its traffic (size, destination, and priority of packets) to and from the switch fabric. The FCD keeps track of traffic flows among TMDs, and sends queue flow control frames (“QFCF”) to TMDs, containing flow control information based on the congestion state of the switch fabric's ports. The TMDs use the QFCF to limit traffic to congested switch fabric ports, thereby minimizing frame loss, or to prevent head of the line blocking. Without the presence of the FCD, use of an Ethernet switch as a switch fabric is vulnerable to Head of the Line blocking and unfair bandwidth allocation among several source TMDs that are trying to send traffic to the same destination TMD.	1
3) A Novel Technique for Co-Producing the Fuel Ethanol and Radix Puerariae Flavones	1
The moisture stabilizing compositions of the invention are based on a polyoxyalkylene glycol as the moisturestabilizing agent, and a polyoxyethylene-oxypropylene glycol block polymer to enhance the rate of penetration of the polyoxyalkylene glycol in the cellulosic sheet material, and in some cases enhance its moisture-stabilizing effectiveness. The polyoxyalkylene glycol block polymer, although itself a poly oxy alkylene glycol, is rather different in structure, and has very different and synergizing effectiveness.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide an improved incinerator adapted to remove fly ash from the gases emanating from the combustion chamber of the incinerator, economically.	1
In a fourth aspect of the invention, the IG spacer assembly contains desiccant and defines at least one hole covered by an air permeable patch 1) enabling air to circulate between the IG space and the desiccant and 2) preventing desiccant from falling out of the spacer and into the viewable area.	1
If picking up a particle still image in the second emission prohibiting period iS desired, the pulse light emission is to be delayed right after the second emission prohibiting period and the stable still image can be picked up, whereby the image processing can be accurately performed.	1
It is yet another object of the present invention to provide an endoscopic clip removing apparatus that prevents the clip from being crushed and prevents damage to tissue during operation of the apparatus.	1
According to another aspect of the invention, there is provided a post-installed anchor driven in a pilot hole to be securely fixed and structured by a simple combination of a bolt body, a sleeve, and a fixation member. At least two bolt bodies of different lengths and at least two sleeves of different lengths are provided. Assembling one selected bolt body and one or multiple selected sleeves readily gives a post-installed anchor having a different whole length. In the post-installed anchor according to this aspect of the invention, a fixation member is structured to have a threaded end screwed to a threaded end of the bolt body with the sleeve fit thereon and an expansion end arranged in proximity to the sleeve. With a movement of the fixation member toward a head of the bolt body, which is induced by rotation of the bolt body, an edge of the sleeve presses open and extends outward the expansion end of the fixation member. The post-installed anchor of this arrangement has the sufficient anchoring strength.	1
Although the prediction unit may be used to predict a change in behavior and hence a desire to consume food and/or beverage without sensor input, it is preferred that the control unit is arranged for weighing signals using the behavior predicted by the prediction unit. That is, the behavior predicted on the basis of historical data, such as sleeping patterns, may be used to weigh signals representing e.g. movement. As a result, increased body movement will receive more weight, and will thus form a greater indication of the recipient's waking up, when this matches the historically predicted behavior at that point in time.	1
The present disclosure describes embodiments of a location-based vehicle exterior light control system. The system is configured for automatically controlling vehicle exterior lights (such as headlights, hazard lights, tail lights, etc.) based on the presence of a vehicle at (or the approach of a vehicle toward) various locations designated as “light operating locations”. For example, headlights and taillights may be operated automatically in locations such as parking garages and in certain terrain areas in which vehicle-to-vehicle visibility is relatively lower than on flatter roads. Hazard lights may be automatically operated whenever the vehicle is determined to have left a road boundary. The system is also configurable by a user to remind the user to manually turn the exterior lights on and off according to the presence of the vehicle in these locations, or the approach of the vehicle toward these locations.	1
Therefore, an object of the disclosure is to provide a workpiece cloth positioning guide device for a sewing machine, which projects onto an upper side of the workpiece cloth a sewing reference mark including a circle with a center corresponding with a needle drop point and positioning the workpiece cloth relative to the sewing reference mark, thereby being capable of forming stitches readily and reliably so that the stitches are spaced away by a predetermined stitch interval from the edge of each of workpiece cloths having various shapes including a curved one or from the stitches previously formed on the workpiece cloth, the workpiece cloth positioning guide device being capable of varying the stitch interval to a desired interval and readily carrying out the variation of the stitch interval.	1
The products of this invention have excellent transfer of active ingredients to the skin thus widening the applications of applicator products as a vehicle for a number of actives, in particular more expensive actives that so far could not be applied because of poor transfer rate. The products of this invention not only provide a more efficient transfer of active ingredients to the skin, but moreover provide other consumer benefits such as a more even distribution of the actives on the skin, better skin penetration.	1
The entrance window of the radiation and the surfaces used for beam-guidance can be polished in the case of the glass or plastic materials used. In addition, appropriate coatings can be applied to the code carrier in order to decrease or increase the reflectivity of the surface, that is to say for coupling in and subsequently for beam guidance in the interior of the code carrier.	1
In one aspect of the Top1 inhibitory activity of the compounds herein, a stereochemical effect is observed.	1
Genetic modification of gp 120 or gp 120 variants to include a pan-reactive T cell helper epitope can improve the immunogenicity of weakly immunogenic conserved or glycosylated, variable gp 120 regions.	1
(1) A very potent blockage of IgE-related and non-antigenic related activation of metachromatic cells;	1
One type of embodiment is directed to a method of facilitating online search for up-to-date available sports betting opportunities, the method comprising: maintaining a history of sports betting performed by a user; maintaining a data feed of available sports betting opportunities with continuous updates; receiving, at a first computing device, a search query for available sports betting opportunities input by the user from a second computing device over a network; retrieving, at the first computing device, search results from the data feed representing up-to-date available sports betting opportunities in response to the input search query; ranking at least a portion of the search results representing available sports betting opportunities based at least in part on the user's history of sports betting; and transmitting the ranked available sports betting opportunities from the first computing device to the user at the second computing device over the network as a response to the user's input search query.	1
Briefly, the invention comprises an anti-stall tool for use in a downhole assembly near the bottom of the tubing adjacent a positive displacement motor (PDM) and the drill bit. In one embodiment, the tubing comprises a coiled tubing, although the invention also can be used in rotary drilling applications. The anti-stall tool includes a controller that controls the force applied to the drill bit during drilling to prevent the drill bit from stalling under load. A working pressure range of the PDM is sensed during use by a hydraulic valve control system and is used as an input to the controller. The controller alters weight-on-bit (WOB) if the downhole pressure goes beyond either end of a preset working pressure range of the system. The controller keeps the drill bit rotating by (1) maintaining WOB during normal drilling operations, (2) increasing WOB if sensed PDM working pressure indicates that drill bit loading is low, and (3) reducing WOB which reduces PDM back-pressure to retract the drill bit from the bottom if excessive working pressure is sensed due to increased torque at the PDM.	1
A third advantage in view of the performance of the pump A-2 is that a smaller device could be made that would achieve the same output as the pump A-1 at the same impeller speed. For example, the device could be reduced in size to enable it to be placed in smaller blood vessels or through smaller sheaths such as the femoral artery or smaller vessels in the arterial system. A significant advantage of reducing the size of the pump 10 is that there will be less blockage of flow in the femoral (or similar sized) artery to downstream tissue fed by the vasculature. Blockage can lead to ischemia of the tissue. Avoiding ischemia makes the pump 10 more biocompatible generally and may enable the pump to be used for longer durations or with more patients.	1
In the more specific description of preferred embodiments of the invention which will follow below, the feeding means for molding compositions will be shown semidiagrammatically as its general nature is not changed by the present invention. This is a real, practical operating advantage and makes possible, as has been mentioned above, the use of the combined or integral plasticizing-sprue chamber-nozzle as an attachment for existing injection molding machines. Of course, if a machine is to be used only with a particular molding composition, the plasticizing-sprue chamber-nozzle can, if desired, be made an integral portion of the molding composition feed mechanism. However, the advantages of being able to change nozzles makes the detachable form preferable. As this can be effected with strong and rugged connections, the versatility is obtained without adverse effects on the ruggedness of the apparatus as a whole.	1
Thanks to the novel solution, an improved belt suitable for a sleeve roll can be obtained. The novel sleeve roll belt can have a novel reinforcing structure in the travel direction of the belt. The novel reinforcing structure may be lighter in the travel direction of the belt than a reinforcing structure of conventional belts. Further, the novel sleeve roll belt may have higher elasticity in the travel direction of the belt, compared to elasticity values of conventional sleeve roll belts. Further, the novel sleeve roll belt may have the neutral axis near the outer surface of the belt. Therefore, wear of the belt may be reduced. Furthermore, wear of a wire in contact with the belt may be reduced.	1
The present general inventive concept provides a headchip and a head for an array type inkjet printer in which a power line is wired to share one power line for a plurality of colors to avoid a voltage drop when a plurality of nozzles are driven at the same time, and decreases a size of the headchip.	1
In this connection, it is also preferred if the tubes of the respective submodules have a flattened, preferably rectangular cross section, particularly a rectangular cross section with rounded corners. It is particularly preferred if such tubes have at least one inner partition, preferably two inner partitions. In this connection, the width of the tubes is preferably up to 130 mm, more preferably up to 120 mm. In particular, it is preferred if the spacing between the tubes, relative to one another, per submodule, is up to 30 mm, preferably up to 27 mm. In this way, a cooling radiator is created that allows sufficient flow of cooling media such as oil through the tubes of each submodule, on the one hand, and on the other hand makes tubes having sufficient shape stability available. Ultimately, an optimal air passage through the cooling radiator as a whole is brought about by means of the selection of the preferred spacing between the tubes, thereby making it possible to optimize the cooling output.	1
Still another objective of the present invention is to provide a simple structure for the bleeding circuit at the AC input terminals of an AC-to-DC switching power converter.	1
The present invention relates generally to portable cooling devices. More specifically, the present invention relates to compact, portable bladeless fans featuring water misting capabilities for improved cooling functionality.	1
As will be discussed herein, systems and methods directed to fabricating nanofibrous articles from polymer solutions or melts by a high throughput blowing-assisted electrospinning process are disclosed. The systems and methods may include the application of two external electrical and mechanical forces to achieve a relatively high throughput during the spinning process. In electrospinning processes, the external electrical force is provided by applying an electrostatic field between a nozzle tip and a collector. However, in the blowing-assisted electrospinning process that will be described below, in addition to the external electrical force, a stream of a mixture of a gas and a solvent vapor provides the external mechanical force that may assist in shearing and dragging the fluid jet stream. The blowing-assisted electrospinning process provides significant benefits, including but not limited to consistent and high throughput production of smaller fiber sizes and a reduction in fouling amount at the nozzle tip.	1
It is an advantage of the apparatus of the invention that, since the injection nozzle is introduced directly into the mold at the parting line thereof, there is no leakage of material between the injection nozzle and the mold even at very high injection pressures. It is a further advantage of the invention that direct injection at the parting line of the mold permits more rapid filling of mold cavities through a relatively short runner and contributes also to increased output which is made possible by operating the mold itself at a considerably higher temperature than could be achieved with a mold in which the sprue chamber is a portion of the mold. An additional advantage is that it is easier to clean sprue sections where there may have been small amounts of cured material building up in intermittent use. Since the sprue chamber can be vented directly to the atmosphere, any such cleaning can be effected without disassembly of the mold. This reduces down-time and further contributes to increased output.	1
One aspect is to provide a hand cart that allows the user to move in a comfortable posture regardless of the slope of the ground.	1
An embossed multiply fibrous structure product, having enhanced quilted appearance, comprising: two or more plies of fibrous structure wherein at least one of the piles has a plurality of embossments thereon having a total embossment area of from about 6% to about 16%; the embossments forming a latticework defining a plurality of unembossed cells; wherein each cell has a surface area of from about 0.5 square inches to about 6 square inches, the cells being unadhered to the adjacent ply and the embossments having a height from about 350 μm to about 1,500 μm.	1
It is a further object of this invention to provide a throat plate of the above character which is adapted for installation in existing sewing machines without difficulty.	1
One object of the present disclosure is therefore to provide a more versatile shelf. This object is achieved by a shelf as defined in claim 1 . More specifically, in a shelf of the initially mentioned kind, the shelf comprises at least one unexpanded area in between two expanded areas, along the width of the shelf. This means that an area in between the sheet metal edges, at which the piece is stretched, is smooth and lends itself well to applying different reinforcement measures. For instance, the unexpanded area can be spot welded to a reinforcement bracket or beam. Thanks to such measures, the shelf becomes stronger and better suited to carry heavy loads. Therefore, the shelf becomes more versatile.	1
The invention provides a food patty-forming apparatus for forming shaped food patties, having non-flat top and bottom surfaces, from pressurized food product. The food patty formed by the apparatus or tooling of the invention more accurately simulates the natural three-dimensional shape of food items such as a chicken drumstick, by replacing the flat bottom of heretofore known formed products with a contoured bottom. The invention can produce a formed patty having contoured, non-flat surfaces on all sides of the patty.	1
An intrusive diagnostic monitor is defined as a monitor that overrides normal control functionality momentarily in order to diagnose one or more systems or components. In one embodiment, the present disclosure is directed to a method to conduct an intrusive test in which the EGR valve in an internal combustion engine is moved to the fully open and then the fully closed position. The method can be conducted in either order, i.e., it is immaterial whether the EGR valve is closed or opened first. When the intrusive check is used to diagnose exhaust aftertreatment sensors, the valve cycling (open/close) may be conducted at a high enough engine speed/load condition for the exhaust gas sensors, i.e., NOx sensors, to be able to accurately measure the NOx emissions and detect the change based on the EGR valve position change. The actual levels will vary depending on the engine.	1
In another aspect the invention provides an injection molding machine comprising: a stationary platen and at least one movable platen; a manifold disposed in said stationary platen, said manifold defining a manifold melt channel for conducting melt from a melt source; an injection system having an injection nozzle, a mold cavity and a gating device, said injection nozzle defining a nozzle melt channel fluidly connected to said manifold melt channel, said mold cavity being in fluid communication with said nozzle melt channel and said gating device being operatively connected to said injection nozzle for controllably gating the flow of melt from said nozzle melt channel to said mold cavity; said injection nozzle including: a nozzle body defining a first portion of a melt channel, said nozzle body defining a bore and a first connector; a nozzle tip defining a second portion of said melt channel, said nozzle tip being sized to fit within said bore of said nozzle body; and a sealing and mounting element for mounting said nozzle tip to said nozzle body with said first portion and said second portion of said melt channel being fluidly connected, said element defining a second connector for removably connecting with said first connector defined on said nozzle body and an alignment bearing for engaging a bearing surface defined on said nozzle body for precisely aligning said nozzle tip within said nozzle body along a predetermined axis.	1
The present invention maximizes the number of grooves in contact with a golf ball during an impact. The novel scoreline pattern is based on a higher density of scorelines along the bottom perimeter of an iron-type golf club face.	1
Another particular object is the provision of an improved rod chair made from metal wire and having good strength and rigidity, and inherent stability in use.	1
The reinforcement may be provided as a beam bent to form a U-shape in cross-section. This achieves an increased second area of moment at the unexpanded location.	1
According to this invention, the resistance generating device includes a seat which is adapted to be mounted on a support stand that suspends a bicycle wheel of a training bicycle from a ground surface, a rotatable shaft which is mounted on and which is rotatable relative to the seat about a rotating axis, a friction wheel which is mounted on and which is rotatable with the rotatable shaft about the rotating axis, and which is adapted to frictionally engage the bicycle wheel so as to be rotated therewith, a first magnetically attractive member which is disposed to surround the rotating axis, a second magnetically attractive member which is mounted to be rotatable with the rotatable shaft at a higher or lower speed, and which is disposed to be spaced apart from the first magnetically attractive member along the rotating axis, a biasing member which is disposed to bias the first and second magnetically attractive members away from each other, and an actuating mechanism. The first and second magnetically attractive members are configured to be shiftable towards or away from each other along the rotating axis in response to the higher or lower speed of the second magnetically attractive member so as to increase or decrease a magnetically induced resistance force generated therebetween to be imparted to the bicycle wheel. The actuating mechanism is disposed on one of the first and second magnetically attractive members to effect the relative shifting movement of the first and second magnetically attractive members in response to the higher speed of the rotatable shaft to force the first and second magnetically attractive members towards each other against the biasing force of the biasing member, thereby increasing the resistance force.	1
A new and improved diaphragm pump is provided of the type wherein a flexible diaphragm mounted in a pump housing sealingly separates internally disposed pumping and driving chambers. The pumping chamber includes a circular end portion adjoining the flexible diaphragm. In accordance with one aspect of the invention, the pump housing includes an inlet aperture for conducting a pressurized slurry material into the pumping chamber in a direction tangential to the surface of the circular, pumping chamber end portion. This tangentially disposed conduction causes the slurry material in the pumping chamber to swirl, thereby inhibiting the accumulation or settling of the particulate matter in the slurry at any particular location within the chamber.	1
In one embodiment, the present invention relates to a method of producing a CTP-modified Factor VII (FVII) polypeptide, comprising the step of attaching three to five chorionic gonatodrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby producing a CTP-modified FVII polypeptide.	1
The present invention is directed to a highly stable, highly efficient process for the gasification of a wide range of hydrocarbon feedstocks. As used herein, a hydrocarbon feedstock is any material that comprises carbon and hydrogen, even where the hydrogen is present in relatively low amounts, such as in pet coke. The process can advantageously minimize the production of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) for the production of a given chemical product and net energy export.	1
The return spring ( 38 ) is inserted between the arcuate groove ( 32 ) of the gear (n) and the circular arc-shaped cutout ( 37 ) of the annular plate member ( 35 ), and a clip ( 39 ) is fitted at a side of the annular plate member ( 35 ) opposite the side at which the annular plate member ( 35 ) faces the inward protrusion ( 30 C) to prevent the annular plate member ( 35 ) from moving axially. Due to this feature, a simple and compact structure can be provided to ensure circumferential positioning of the annular plate member ( 35 ) relative to the gear (n) via the return spring ( 38 ).	1
Generally, the invention is a blocking mechanism that has surfaces, which may or may not be planar, in which the surfaces of the blocking elements remain at angles that form angles greater than 30 degrees from the horizontal and preferably more than 30 degrees such as more than 45 degrees. Balancing dampers suitable for use in ducts carrying grease laden fumes have generally air blocking elements that move between high resistance and low resistance positions to regulate the amount of grease-laden fumes that pass through the duct.	1
The resulting product and benefit of the invention process is an enhanced polyolefin fabric that works better than an unprocessed polyolefin fabric in applications such as clothing for people in sub-freezing environments to help them feel drier and warmer. Also the processed polyolefin fabric works better than an unprocessed polyolefin fabric over time and use in a hot climate by helping the perspiring user to feel cooler and drier. For example, a bilayered configuration of a processed polyolefin sock worn by a tennis player on a hot day feels more comfortable because the condensation and evaporation takes place away from the skin causing the person to experience dryness.	1
According to another aspect of the invention, the extending portions may be restored by elastic repulsion. For this reason, it is possible to obtain elasticity by the molded shapes of the extending portions. Accordingly, it is possible to provide the extending portions on the cell holder in a manner that is as simple as possible.	1
The reinforcement may have flanges adapted to be connected to the unexpanded area at the lower surface thereof, which facilitates using spot-welding or other fastening arrangements for attaching the reinforcement at the unexpanded area.	1
(2) The polymers are completely substituted, i.e., they do not contain any appreciable residual phosphorous-hal-ogen linkages. This renders them particularly chemically inert over long time periods at elevated temperatures. This complete substitution also renders them more thermally stable than many of the polymers of the prior art. The initial decomposition point of most of these polymers on a thermobalance at a heating rate of 2½ ° C. min. is above 300° C. Some of them are thermally stable at temperatures above 350° C.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide a positioning apparatus for steelmaking lances of an electric arc furnace mechanically automatized for positioning the tip of the lance into the liquid bath, thus not requiring a complex control of the positioning apparatus.	1
Furthermore, the edge body can also be used for implementing special surface effects. Examples of surface effects are a dull, a high-gloss, a colored, a chromatic or a reflective surface or a surface with a black panel or glass effect.	1
Another safety joint can include separable portions, and a locking device which permits relative displacement between a generally tubular mandrel and a component of the safety joint in one direction, and prevents relative displacement between the mandrel and the component in an opposite direction.	1
According to the present invention, a cellulose molecule is treated to give the molecule fire retardant properties. The treated cellulose has a stable shelf-life (i.e., little deterioration of flame resistant properties), is essentially non-toxic when charred, and has sufficient adhesiveness and malleability. The cellulose-based fire retardant composition can be used in wood and paper products, furniture, building materials, water-based paints, fertilizers, particle board, insulation, plywood, cement, sheet rock, carpets, linen, clothing, and the like. The fire-resistant cellulose molecule is thermally stable and has been shown not to ignite to about 3500.degree. F.	1
A third continuing object of the invention is to provide a belt buckle that is economical to manufacture.	1
Further, on the guide block, instead of providing penetrating through holes in which the rolling bodies are circulated, since circulating grooves are formed that open along the axial direction, compared to a case of forming such through holes, the number of process steps and processing costs can be reduced. As a result, production costs for the linear actuator are reduced, and hence the linear actuator can be manufactured inexpensively.	1
According to the present invention, a device is provided for producing microfilament yarn from thermoplastic polymers with a maximum of 500 dtex total titer and with individual filament titers of a maximum of 1 dtex, preferably a maximum of 0.8 dtex, and high titer uniformity. This device consists of	1
In accordance with another aspect of the invention, a method of manufacturing a hydraulic tool crimping die is provided comprising inserting a ceramic powder into a mold; and hardening the ceramic powder into at least a portion of the crimping die. The crimping die comprises a first section adapted to be removably connected to a die mounting area of a hydraulic crimping tool and second section forming a crimping surface adapted to crimp a connector onto a conductor. The die is adapted to withstand a compression force of at least 10,000 psi without permanent deformation. The die is adapted to prevent electrical arcing with the die.	1
The use of fabric belts eliminates weld seams, crimps, dents, and rust. The use of fabric belts also eliminates many of the alignment problems associated with the prior art steel belts. Additionally, the use of fabric belts permits the use of smaller diameter pulleys, thus providing more room for cooling and other equipment. The use of smaller diameter pulleys also reduces th required length of the mold belts.	1
The object of the present invention therefore consists in developing a cooling channel cover of the generic type in such a way that, in the case of simplified mounting on the piston, secure operation of a piston which is provided with said cooling channel cover is ensured, without the mass of the feed element and therefore the inertia forces which act during engine operation being increased excessively. Furthermore, uncontrolled discharge of cooling oil out of the cooling channel is to be avoided as completely as possible.	1
In some aspects the first sheath is a proximal sheath, the first filter is a proximal filter, the second sheath is a distal sheath, and the second filter is a distal filter. The proximal sheath is provided with a proximal hub housed within and in sliding engagement with the handle. Movement of the proximal hub causes translation of the proximal sheath relative to the proximal filter. The distal sheath includes a distal shaft section and a distal articulatable sheath section. A wire is provided from the handle to the distal articulatable sheath section. Manipulation of the handle places tension on the wire causing the distal articulatable sheath section to articulate from a first configuration to one or more other configurations. The articulatable distal sheath is capable of rotation, translation, and deflection (both in a single plane and both partially in a first plane and partially in a second, different plane). In some embodiments, the handle includes a locking mechanism to prevent the articulatable distal sheath from deviating from a desired configuration. In certain embodiments, the locking mechanism may lock automatically when the operator actuates a control or releases the handle.	1
However, in another aspect of the invention, unlike the two motors which operate in unison to advance the tufting frame in either Y-direction, the two computer-controlled servo motors that propel the tufting head carriages in X-directions each output rotation independent of that produced by the other. This independent relationship enables a lower carriage possessing as few as one looper and knife pair to fully cooperate with a needle carriage possessing as many different needles as are needed to tuft the various colors of yarn that make up a particular graphic pattern. To with, just before an individual needle is pushed into the backing material by its dedicated drive mechanism, the lower carriage shifts into a lateral position that will enable its looper to engage the yarn delivered by that needle. As a further consequence of the single looper and knife configuration of the present tufting head, rather than the minimum needle pitch achievable being partly dependent upon the amount of lateral space needed to station, along the looper carriage, separate loopers and knives in cooperative alignment with each needle, adjacent needles can be positioned as closely as the girth of their respective needle holding elements and reciprocation drive mechanisms will permit.	1
In some embodiments there is provided a method of minimising the immune-stimulatory effects of a honey based topical composition by the step of removing type II arabinogalactan (AG) from the honey in the composition.	1
In yet another aspect, the present disclosure relates to a computer program product operable on a computer system of providing portion isolation design to a chip design having a predetermined number of portions. The computer program product may include a non-transitory computer storage medium readable by the computer system having a processor and a memory configured to store computer executable instructions for execution by the processor of the computer system for performing a method. The method may include: retrieving a chip design file of a chip, the chip design file having pin related information from a chip design database, generating, via a pin group utility module, a pin group file according to the pin related information retrieved, combining, via a portion wrapper insertion utility module, the pin group file with one or more portion netlists to form one or more localized portion wrapper segments, stitching, via the portion wrapper insertion utility module, the one or more localized portion wrapper segments to form a portion boundary wrapper chain, and inserting, via the portion wrapper insertion utility module, the portion boundary wrapper chain into the chip design file to facilitate partial-good portion isolation test of the chip.	1
As described above, according to the third embodiment, similarly to the first embodiment, inspection using an unsuitable filter function coefficient can be obviated. Therefore, it is possible to avoid generating a false defect. Thus, the inspection accuracy can be increased. Furthermore, according to the third embodiment, an efficiently suitable filter function coefficient can be acquired.	1
Accordingly, it is an objective of the present invention to provide a vehicle control apparatus that more accurately detects a brake operation, and adequately reduces drive force of the vehicle in response to simultaneous performance of an accelerator operation and the brake operation.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide composite structural members which can be manufactured from the same composite material where the connection members are also manufactured from the same composite material.	1
Immobilizing the enzymes on a solid support has several advantages, including simple separation of the enzymes from the desired protein(s). The present invention now discloses that the use of solid phase devoid of the enzyme substrate prevents release of soluble enzyme into the reaction medium, facilitating the removal of the non-desired enzymes from the final composition.	1
The advantages of these polymers over previously known phosphonitrilic polymers reside in the following unique combination of properties which renders them useful as gasketing materials, fuel tank sealants, expulsion bladders, and the like in extreme temperature and chemical environments.	1
Briefly, to achieve the desired objects of the instant invention in accordance with a preferred embodiment thereof, a stable amorphous metal oxide material is provided for use as a semiconductor in semiconductor devices, the material includes a mixture of an amorphous semiconductor ionic metal oxide and an amorphous insulating covalent metal oxide. The stable amorphous metal oxide material is represented by one of the formula XO a YO b , and X—O—Y, where YO is an amorphous insulating covalent metal oxide and XO is an amorphous semiconductor ionic metal oxide.	1
The present invention relates to improved energy conversion processes for the generation of electrical power, hydrogen, synthesis gas or substitute natural gas (SNG). The energy conversion process preferably converts a fuel gas manufactured by the gasification of a carbonaceous material, such as coal. Part of this fuel gas may be combusted in steam raising/steam turbine power generation unit and the remainder in a power generation unit, preferably a combined cycle power generation unit. Alternatively, the fuel gas may be converted to hydrogen or SNG and optionally these gaseous products may be combusted in a power generation plant, preferably a combined cycle power generation plant. All of the above mentioned energy conversion processes produce appreciable quantities of by-product CO 2 , in addition to any present in the fuel gas. The present invention provides a method of more efficiently capturing and disposing of such CO 2 .	1
Another object is to provide a method, as described above, which can be employed with a variety of bridging rib arrangements in a given overall ceiling span, without incurring any additional expense.	1
The washing machine may vary the jet span of the nozzle jetting water discharged from the outer tub and being in circulation, thereby reducing an unbalance in washing or rinsing depending on the laundry load. In particular, the washing machine may evenly soak the laundry regardless of the laundry load.	1
The pressure-sensitive adhesive composition according to the present invention contains the ionic compound (B) capable of imparting an antistatic function in addition to the (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) as a base polymer, and the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer made from the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition has a good antistatic function. When the anion component of the ionic compound (B) in the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition according to the present invention has an organic group and two or more carbon atoms, and particularly has a relatively large molecular weight or a cyclic structure, the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition can form a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer whose surface resistance is kept low even after a humidity test. The pressure-sensitive adhesive layer made from the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition according to the present invention and the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer-attached polarizing film having the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer have high levels of durability and other main properties and also have particularly high moisture resistance of antistatic function.	1
It is desirable to provide a substrate support having a substrate support location for substrates, wherein internal stresses in a substrate due to clamping forces are substantially decreased. Furthermore, it is desirable to provide a clamping method with which flat and warped substrates may be properly clamped on a substrate support thereby substantially decreasing the risk on stresses in the substrate and/or overlay errors.	1
The products described herein find use as applicators of active substances, in particular of the active substances mentioned herein, or they find use as both cleanser and applicator of active substances in one product.	1
Moreover, the use of the treatment solution for insulation coating allows production of a grain oriented electrical steel sheet having an insulation coating outstanding coating properties, which are equivalent to those obtained when treatment solutions for insulation coating containing chromium compounds are used, without generating waste liquid containing harmful chromium compounds.	1
Aspects of the present invention are advantageous in that at least one of an image scanner and an image scanning system configured to prevent a displayed image obtained by a push-scan function from being looked by an outsider and thereby to prevent information from being leaked to the outsider is provided.	1
According to the present invention, when a phase manipulation command is executed with a finger or a manipulation means via an input device on a display, information may be provided in phases. In addition, when multi-phase information is provided, it may be displayed on the same screen without changing the screen, and a link to information stored in another Internet website or another storage location may be performed.	1
Another object of the invention is to provide quick removal of direct current voltage from a power supply from an integrated circuit while at the same time always providing a smooth well filtered D.C. voltage for reapplication to the integrated circuit.	1
The object of the invention is to provide an automatic bowling or skittle pin setter machine which is economically manufactured and reduces the necessity for spare parts and repair and maintenance costs as much as possible. An object also is to provide such a machine for which after a throw of the ball, pins remaining in displaced but standing positions can be picked up and reset precisely after the fallen pins have been cleared.	1
The resilient safety extension units are assembled to a highway barrier in abutting end to end relation so as to form, in effect, a continuous resilient extension throughout the complete barrier length. While an interlock or joining can be provided, if desired, between successive extension units of a longitudinal assemblage, it is considered preferable to have the successive units merely abut one another and to securely affix each unit to the permanent barrier. This can be accomplished by cementing the units in place, or by providing a plurality of bolts or other fasteners. Such independent mounting of units which are abutting one another in assemblage facilitates easy removal and replacement of individual or multiple units which may be damaged by vehicle contact.	1
Additionally, the processes allow for the recovery of at least some of the fluorinated compounds after their separation from the aqueous phase.	1
(3) The polymers are insoluble in and are not swelled by all common solvents. They are soluble in selected fluorocarbon solvents such as trifluorotrichloroethane and hence they may be fabricated by casting techniques.	1
The object of this invention is to provide a screw capable of serving fibers effectively to reduce the drilling torque and increase cutting efficiency and accommodating partial debris to attain a preferable engagement and increase the ability of resisting the pulling-out force.	1
It is recognised by the inventors that despite efforts to reduce the quantity of crop material that is back fed over the top of the beater, moisture-laden bulky crops will always lead to a percentage of back feeding. Apparatus in accordance with the invention inhibits the build up of this material thus allowing the directional vanes on the crop beater to function as intended.	1
The abutment member is preferably so mounted on the lid that the perpendicular distance from the outboard end of the abutment member to the portion of the lid on which it is mounted remains substantially fixed. This helps to ensure that most of the closing force exerted on the lid by a user is transmitted to the abutment to the blister.	1
The club head has a crown section having a portion between the crown apex and a front of the club head with an apex-to-front radius of curvature that is less than 3 inches. Likewise, a portion of the crown section between the crown apex and a back of the club head has an apex-to-rear radius of curvature that is less than 3.75 inches. Lastly, a portion of the crown section has a heel-to-toe radius of curvature at the crown apex in a direction parallel to a vertical plane created by a shaft axis that is less than 4 inches. Such small radii of curvature herein have traditionally been avoided in the design of high volume golf club heads, especially in the design of high volume golf club heads having FB dimensions of 4.4 inches and greater. However, these tight radii produce a bulbous crown section that facilitates airflow reattachment as close to a club head face as possible, thereby resulting in reduced aerodynamic drag forces and producing higher club head speeds.	1
Garments in accordance with some embodiments may have openings formed between overlapping layers of material that are fastened together and/or to panels of the garment to provide openings for access to a wearer's breasts. In particular, the garment may have an inner panel (e.g., a pumping panel) having two openings providing access to the wearer's breasts that are created between respective sets of overlapping layers of material. Each opening is between the corresponding set of overlapping layers of material and the overlapping layers are fastened together to provide the respective opening.	1
The main objective of the present invention is to provide an air file with a simple structure and may reduce energy consumption.	1
Disclosed herein are embodiments of a core barrel assembly with increased effectiveness at reducing the exposure of the core sample to drilling fluid during a coring operation. Decreasing the amount and/or velocity of drilling fluid contacting the core sample may be accomplished by decreasing hydraulic losses, such as fluid flow resistance (also termed “head loss” or “resistance head”) within the face discharge channels and increasing hydraulic losses within the throat discharge channel. Hydraulic losses of the various channels are at least partly a function of the Total Flow Area (TFA) along those channels. Thus, as set forth more fully in the embodiments disclosed below, the hydraulic losses of the face discharge channels may be reduced by increasing the TFA of the face discharge channels, while the hydraulic losses of the throat discharge channel may be increased by reducing the TFA or otherwise increasing the fluid flow resistance of the throat discharge channel. Reducing the hydraulic losses of the face discharge channels or increasing the hydraulic losses of the throat discharge channel may both result in an increase in drilling fluid being diverted from the throat discharge channel and instead flowing through the face discharge channels and away from the core. Such management of the hydraulic losses of the face discharge channels and the throat discharge channel may also reduce the velocity of drilling fluid exiting the throat discharge channel relative to prior art core bits. The maximum TFA of the face discharge channels is limited by the radial space of the bit body and the need to maintain minimum wall thicknesses within the bit body to prevent cracks or microfractures from forming therein. Additionally, the minimum TFA of the throat discharge channel is limited because a sufficient radial gap between an inner surface of the core bit and an outer surface of the core shoe is necessary to allow the core bit to rotate with respect to the core shoe without catching or binding therewith. Embodiments of a core barrel assembly that optimize fluid management therein by increasing the TFA of the face discharge channels and/or decreasing the TFA of the throat discharge channel and/or increasing flow restriction within the throat discharge channel are set forth below. The embodiments disclosed herein also improve the manufacturability and reparability of core bits.	1
The sound level loss problem of the multi-channel audio signal can also be prevented by applying an ADG to a downmix signal generated in accordance with downmixing of the multi-channel audio signal, or by executing the application of the ADG to the downmix signal after the application of a downmix gain to the downmix signal.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a control interface which frees the programmer from detailed knowledge of ASN.1.	1
When used as a model for human disease, the methods may allow prediction of renal proximal tubular toxicity at an early pre-clinical stage during drug development. Such prediction ability could be important for developing safer drugs, and early detection of nephrotoxicity could also help to save substantial costs during drug development.	1
In yet another detailed aspect of an exemplary embodiment, the verification code may be relayed back by keypad entry. In this manner, the service user is directly authenticated by the system and the service provider representative is further removed from the authentication process, thereby reducing the possibility of social engineering.	1
The present invention provides the anticancer agent degradation apparatus and the CT value controller for use with the anticancer agent degradation apparatus for protecting medical professionals from exposure to the anticancer agent externally scattered in, for example, a safety cabinet or prescription laboratory, during drug preparation or other circumstance.	1
In another aspect, various elements of the pinned connections have threaded and frustroconical configurations that separate with relatively small rotations and also separate when fines are compacted between the elements. A pin may also have one or more ends with frustroconical configurations that separate from other elements and align with the other element relatively easily.	1
In accordance with the oil pump according to the present invention, the tolerance accumulation, etc., in the event of attaching the oil pump to the device can be reduced, and the attachment accuracy thereof can be ensured, and in addition, the reduction in size and weight of the oil pump can be achieved.	1
An object of the present invention is to provide the manufacture of structures like building in a very rapid manner and with a low cost by using structural members made of the same type of composite material.	1
The cross-section of the base portion of the supporting pillar at the main reflector-side is a quadrangle. The length of any of the sides of the quadrangle other than a pair of the parallel lines constructing the quadrangle is less than ⅔ of the maximum length of the parallel lines. Further the cross-section of the base portion of the supporting pillar at the main reflector-side is set larger than the cross-section of the portion of the supporting pillar at the subsidiary reflector-side. Therefore resin can be easily injected into a molding die and thus the strength of the molded article can be ensured. Thus it is possible to obtain the LED surface cover which satisfies the optical properties, has little molding strain, and is stable in its quality.	1
The first unit preferably comprises a roller bit arrangement coupleable with the inner drill pipe and/or a down-the-hole hammer coupleable with the inner drill pipe and the outer drill pipe. The air for driving the down-the-hole hammer is preferably lead through the pipe sections of the inner drill pipe from the earth's surface to the down-the-hole hammer. As a result, by means of the drill head earth, in particular rock, can be excavated so that a drilling, in particular a horizontal drilling, is easily possible.	1
In certain embodiments, multiple modifier columns are configured to bend and/or swivel with respect to the bottom track upon applying a force to the upper ends of the columns. The force may be applied by the water flow in the waterway and/or by a vessel passing thru the flow control system and, in certain embodiments, contacting with the modifier columns. In the same or other embodiments, modifier columns include inflatable shells. Such columns may operate at different inflated states. For example, the columns may be additionally inflated to increase their size and their buoyancy characteristics, which in turn results in more flow resistance.	1
The fiber treated with the fiber treatment agent composition of the present invention provides excellent feeling to the resultant textile and pleasant feel to the skin. When a consumer wears the fiber product produced from the thus-treated fiber, remarkable effects are attained, including pleasant feel to the skin with which the fiber product is brought into contact, skin protective effect, effect of enabling the people having sensitive skin to wear at ease, moisturizing effect, and effect of improving skin disease such as rough skin.	1
An aspect of the present invention is to solve at least the above problems and/or disadvantages and to provide at least the advantages described below. Accordingly, an aspect of the present invention is to provide a developer driving apparatus and an image forming apparatus by which the number of expensive electronic clutches can be reduced.	1
If an ionic compound is added to a pressure-sensitive adhesive composition containing an acryl-based polymer as a base polymer, an antistatic function can be imparted to the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition. On the other hand, if an ionic compound exists on the surface of a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer, the adhering strength between the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer and the adhered may decrease, and after a test of exposure to hot and humid conditions, the surface resistance of the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer may increase so that the antistatic function may be lost.	1
The LED surface cover of the present invention made of the resin molding has the main reflector which reflects light forward from the surface light source and the subsidiary reflector having the reflection surface which reflects light emitted from the LED light source to the main reflector. The subsidiary reflector is disposed above the aperture portion formed on the main reflector. The reflection surface of the subsidiary reflector has the inclination with respect to the surface of the aperture portion. Therefore the light emitted from the LED light source can be effectively reflected toward the main reflector via the subsidiary reflector. As a result, the light reflected from the main reflector is not a point light source, but a surface light source. That is, by covering the LED light source having a strong directivity with the LED surface cover of the present invention, the LED light source which is the point light source is converted into the surface light source.	1
Furthermore, the inlet end is connected to the center part of the circumferential surface of the tub, and the outlet ends include a front outlet end connected to the front side of the tub and a rear outlet end connected to the rear side of the tub. Consequently, the laundry is uniformly dried even when the laundry is placed in the drum at the front and/or the rear sides of the drum, and therefore, damage to the laundry is prevented. Also, air flow sufficient to dry the laundry is obtained, and flow resistance is minimized. Consequently, drying time and power consumption are reduced.	1
The object of this invention is to provide an optical fiber device which, without using oblique polishing of the end faces, is able to sufficiently reduce the reflected return light and accordingly to have excellent performance, and is capable of being configured at low cost.	1
The invention therefore provides an adapter that makes it possible to reduce organizational effort and costs in the production of electrosurgical instruments with monopolar electrodes.	1
Treatment such as reflection coating consisting of a metal film, plating, painting is performed on the reflection surface of the subsidiary reflector to improve the optical reflectivity thereof. Therefore the light can be efficiently reflected on the reflection surface of the main reflector.	1
The upturned anchoring portion 62 is seated in the recess 44 so that the end of the spring urges against the rearward facing abutting surface or wall of the recess to prevent the spring from working forward out of the housing. Due to the positive retention of the spring in the housing, it is not necessary to rivet or pin the spring in the housing which further simplifies assembly, eliminates parts, and thereby reduces costs of the device while at the same time providing an improved substantially fail proof connector.	1
The closed grille form of the drying rack prevents parts of the items for drying coming into contact with the drum, and also ensures that the quantity of items for drying and the extent to which the items are spread out are limited. The closed configuration, in addition, gives an operator a clear idea of the admissible quantity of items for drying.	1
Therefore, the user seeing that the display is off or in maintenance will know that it is out of service, and will not utilize it, avoiding the information of his/hers card to be copied.	1
A further benefit of using a raw needle coke feedstock is that doing so results in a graphite with a higher degree of crystalline perfection as measured by x-ray diffraction and yet still remains relatively isotropic. If calcined needle coke was used, the crystalline perfection would be similar but the graphite would exhibit a greater preferred orientation or anisotropy in the formed article. High crystallinity is desirable for nuclear graphite because it is believed to “anneal out” irradiation damage better than graphite of low cystallinity. Isotropy is valued more than crystallinity in conventional nuclear graphites, so they are produced from high CTE isotropic cokes. The use of raw needle coke together with isostatic molding to further promote isotropy results in a combination of purity, crystalline order, and isotropy that is not possible in conventional processes.	1
It is, accordingly, the general aim of the present invention to provide a new and improved apparatus for applying steam to pleated and folded fabrics which is light in weight and easily maneuverable, yet which produces a high quality steaming job in less time than has heretofore been possible.	1
Various exemplary embodiments of the broad principles derived herein provide a sewing machine that generates an image of a wide range by using a simple and inexpensive structure and a computer-readable medium storing a control program executable on the sewing machine.	1
A further advantage of the invention is that it uses a simple construction of individual elements which makes possible different functions of the pin or skittle setter machine. Thus, expenses for the introduction of new modes of operation are minimized by, for example, changes in programming of a controller and/or slight changes in mechanical parts.	1
In another embodiment, the present invention relates to a method of preventing a blood clotting or coagulation disorder in a subject, the method comprising the step of administering to the subject a CTP-modified coagulation factor, comprising three to five chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) attached to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby preventing hemophilia in said subject.	1
The present invention comprises a method of playing a poker-type card game that combines the benefits of limit poker with the benefits of pot-limit and/or no-limit poker. The present invention establishes a betting structure that combines the features of limit and/or pot-limit and/or no-limit poker in a single game. In such a way, a poker player may be able to see several cards at a lower level of wagering before having to commit all or a much larger sum of his wagering funds.	1
In accordance with a further aspect of the invention, an apparatus is provided for treating said yarn comprising yarn drawing means, yarn crimping means, yarn tensioning means and yarn compacting means, said means being consecutively, operatively connected, said yarn drawing means comprising a feed roll and a draw roll having a draw pin position therebetween to draw yarn, said crimping means being positioned in relationship to said drawing means for the receipt with a minimum delay of freshly drawn yarn, said yarn tensioning means being positioned for the receipt of freshly crimped yarn from said crimping means and for the application of tension to said yarn thereby increasing the force of yarn contact with further yarn tensioning means, said yarn further tensioning means comprising a braked wheel and a withdrawal roll having thereinbetween a tension leveler wherein the yarn is passed from said braked wheel across said tension leveler through said withdrawal roll to said compacting means.	1
The abutment preferably comprises a peg which is slideably mounted on the lid so as to be moveable, in use, into registry with any selected one of a plurality of blisters in a pack in the tray.	1
(1) The polymers are amorphous and exhibit high elongations and elastomeric properties down to very low temperatures. The glass transition temperatures are on the order of —80° C.	1
Advantages of the spine roll can be defined as follows. The spine roll is designed to help re-align and restore natural/neutral curvature of the entire length of the human spine/vertebral column. The spine roll supports from the occipital area proximally to the distal end of the coccyx and it helps re-align every curvature in between these two regions. The spine roll can be made of material that has the ability to gently mold/shape itself with the extreme regions of the spine to add comfort while rigid enough to help support the curvature in a neutral position. The device could have a single uniform material, different multiple materials, one or more non-uniform materials, or combinations thereof.	1
The angle (θ) between the bottom-side inclined surface ( 36 pb ) and a straight line linking a contact point (Q), at which a tip end of the engaging pawl (Rp) contacts the bottom-side inclined surface ( 36 pb ) of the abutment projection ( 36 ), and a center (P) of swing of the engaging member (R), is set to an obtuse angle close to the right angle. Consequently, even when the plural engaging members (R) do not abut concurrently the related bottom-side inclined surfaces ( 36 pb ) of the abutment projections ( 36 ), respectively, at precise positions, the engaging members (R) are allowed to swing successively to make engagement with the engaging projections ( 31 ), whereby a situation in which some of the engaging projections ( 31 ) are unanble to engage the engaging projections ( 31 ) can be avoided.	1
According to the method for manufacturing carbon nanotubes of the present invention, it is possible to manufacture carbon nanotubes using an inexpensive device within a short time. Further, according to the method for manufacturing carbon nanotubes of the present invention, the nanofibers contained in the metal-containing-nanofibers are used as a carbon source and hence, no other carbon source is necessary except for the metal-containing-nanofibers whereby the present invention also has an advantageous effect that the manufacturing steps can be simplified.	1
In accordance with a setting of a maximum permissible torque, the control and/or regulating device determines a maximum motor current which is produced in presence of a predetermined rotary speed for a predetermined, maximum permissible torque, which must not be exceeded, so that the predetermined maximum permissible torque is not exceeded when the torque peak resulting from the rotating masses under load comes up.	1
It is an aspect to provide radiation source in which harmful debris production can be reduced. The source is especially suitable for generating EUV radiation, but may be used to generate radiation outside the EUV range, for example X-rays.	1
A further advantage is that cost-intensive column technology is not required because the same or even improved efficacy in removing fluorinated compounds is achieved.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a tufting head configured to minimize the quantity of parts that are subject to wear and, eventually, fail from usage. Employing a single looper and knife to engage the yarn of multiple needles makes the present apparatus considerably easier to maintain than most conventional tufting machines that have a separate looper and cutter stationed to correspond with each of multiple tufting needles. One obvious reason for that is the fact that, with the present machine, only one looper or cutter ever needs replacing. Furthermore, if the looper ever fails during use, the needle carriage can be repositioned and the machine set to resume executing the exact same tufting sequence beginning at the precise position that the needle carriage was at when the looper failed. However, when a looper on a prior art tufting machines fails, the tuft row left partially uncompleted due to the failure might have to be completed by manual tufting in order to avoid the yarn overlapping that might result from re-running its tufting head over backing positions at which yarn loops were successfully formed, before the prior art machine was stopped, by other loopers that continued functioning properly.	1
The magnitude of the peak autocorrelation (AC.sub.Pk), in certain situations involving low contrast imagery, can improve AF accuracy because it results from a computation using all the sensor image data in contrast to the corresponding lag coefficient which is based on the relative shift of the images. In the former case, there is more opportunity for averaging image noise (e.g., Johnson or thermal noise), thereby improving the signal-to-noise auto focus detection.	1
The present invention addresses these limitations of the prior art, by providing methods and structures, aspects of which will be referred to variously hereinafter as “the Simple Quick Go system”, “SQGO,”“SimpleOperatingSystem”, “SimpleOS” and the like, that enable simple, cost-effective design, construction, deployment and distribution of rich applications for computing devices, particularly suited for wireless devices and other mobile computing devices and platforms.	1
Another aspect of the invention provides a depth imaging system comprising projection apparatus for radiating light onto an object to be measured, image photographing apparatus for photographing the light radiated from the projection means, and processing means for measuring a three-dimensional depth image of the object wherein the processing means detects, removes or corrects an error of a corresponding point between a projection apparatus and an image photographing apparatus caused by a phenomenon including reflection and blur using geometrical constraints between the projection apparatus and the image photographing apparatus.	1
The present invention provides a barcode reader for imaging a barcode using diffuse light. The barcode reader illuminates a barcode using an illumination system including an optical substrate. Light introduced into the optical substrate by at least one light source propagates between a front major surface and a back major surface in a direction transverse to an optical axis of a camera. Light is mixed by total internal reflection as its travels within the optical substrate and one or more extraction features included in the optical substrate allow light to be removed from the optical substrate in a directed intensity pattern. By allowing the light to mix as it propagates within the optical substrates, the propagating light loses any structure imparted onto it by the one or more light sources. By illuminating the barcode with unstructured light, it is possible to more accurately and quickly read the information contained in the imaged barcode.	1
The object of the invention is to provide a therapeutic shock wave device which keeps the target area in the shock wave focus during the respiratory cycle, is easy to use, is reliable and allows for a continuous shock wave release.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a tufting head configured to efficiently construct precise linear tuft rows comprised of different colors of yarn. In one aspect of the invention, the tufting head is formed by two distinct and independently movable carriages which are not mechanically linked and are disposed on opposite sides of the backing sheet, yet which interact to produce cut pile tufts of the type ordinarily found in artificial athletic turf. To accommodate a tufting head of such construction, the tufting frame to which it is mounted features two horizontal and X-oriented beams that respectively span above and below the horizontally suspended backing. The “tufting head” itself is formed by: (a) a needle carriage which is movably mounted to the aforementioned upper beam and includes multiple needles which are each selectively reciprocated in order to insert different colored yarn into the backing fabric; and (b) a looper carriage which is movably mounted to the lower beam and that includes a conventional yarn looper for catching yarn on a needle's downward stroke and then holding it in place as the needle returns upward to, thereby, form a yarn loop, and that further includes a cutting knife for severing the just formed loop to render a cut pile. By virtue of the tufting frame's ability to advance in Y-directions along the support frame and the ability of the tufting head carriages to travel in X-directions along the tufting frame, the tufting needles are able to assume precise lateral and longitudinal tufting positions for inserting yarn in accordance with a detailed graphic pattern stored in the computer.	1
Additionally, and among other benefits, illustrative examples described herein provide precise spatial orientation of structural members largely independent of tolerances or other variations in the structure members.	1
The present invention broadly achieves the foregoing objectives of paper machine control by first determining the actual scan average value of moisture, comparing this value with a moisture target value, and utilizing the error signal therefrom to manipulate master speed so that moisture content is maintained within specifications. Similarly the actual scan average value of conditioned weight is compared with a conditioned weight target, and the error signal therefrom is utilized to manipulate stock flow such that conditioned weight remains within specifications. Crosscoupling is provided between conditioned weight error signals and master speed so that changes in the error signal will not upset moisture. Likewise crosscoupling is provided between moisture error signals and stock flow so that changes in the moisture error signals will not upset conditioned weight. The moisture error signal modified by the crosscoupling signal is coupled to the headbox control loop wherein the total headbox head is controlled by manipulating stream flow where the objective is to maintain a constant jet-to-wire ratio. Finally the headbox head control loop is coupled to the headbox slice such that changes in the head do not affect the pulp fiber concentration of the paper sheet.	1
The exit rolls in a machine that embodies the present invention may also be crowned to aid in alignment of the fabric belt, thus simplifying maintenance and operation.	1
In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, there is provided a steam washing method of a washing machine including: performing primary steam washing by supplying steam to laundry; performing a washing cycle by supplying wash water to the laundry; performing a rinsing cycle; performing a spin-dry cycle to remove the wash water from the laundry; and performing secondary steam washing by supplying steam to the laundry. Preferably, the performing of the primary and secondary steam washing comprises supplying wash water for steam, and generating the steam while alternately rotating a drum in forward and reverse directions by operating a wash heater and a motor. Preferably, when supplying the wash water for steam, the wash water for steam is supplied through an assistant water supply tube so as to prevent the wash water for steam from being absorbed by the laundry.	1
It is effective to construct a reinforcing structure where displacement of its yarn is prevented by providing in the rubber hose a reinforcing yarn or thread that has an anchor effect relative to the rubber hose like a staple yarn, a spunnized yarn or a dip yarn (or a reinforcing layer formed from such reinforcing yarn or thread).	1
The present disclosure provides an embroidery data processor including a processor and a memory configured to store embroidery data moving an embroidery frame and computer-readable instructions that, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform processes including calculating a sewing time in which a first moving mechanism and a second moving mechanism are driven to move the embroidery frame in a first direction and a second direction perpendicular to the first direction thereby to sew the embroidery pattern or a value contributing to the sewing time, based on the embroidery data; determining an angle relative to the first or second direction, at which angle the embroidery pattern is sewn, based on the calculated sewing time or the value contributing to the sewing time; and storing, in a memory, the determined relative angle having a correspondence relation with the embroidery data of the embroidery pattern.	1
In addition, the initial transition time can be reduced without increasing voltages applied to the pixels, thus preventing a load on the liquid crystal device from increasing and thus maintaining the reliability of the liquid crystal device.	1
This facilitates accurately engaging and disengaging the latching portion 16 and the engaging device 27 of the needle bar even though the needle bar 26 is made to vertically reciprocate faster than the conventional speed, thereby increasing the sewing speed and achieving higher sewing work efficiency.	1
The present disclosure provides, for example, a method that can produce a fluorolactone compound from hexafluoropropylene oxide or the like in a single step. The present disclosure provides a novel fluorodioxolane compound, a method for producing the same, and the like.	1
The edge body may be demountable and may therefore be replaceable. As a result, the display function can be changed during the running time of the vehicle. In connection with a change of the programming for the information indicated in the display, it thereby becomes possible, for example, to show, instead of or in addition to the display of the vehicle speed, the rotational speed of the drive assembly. This will be implemented at particularly low expenditures if the edge body carries one or more scales for the functions shown in the display and/or partially covers the illuminants arranged at the edge.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide composite structural members which are as resistant as steel and however which are much lighter than steel and which can be manufactured with a much lower cost and which are also used in production of carrier members, like columns, of a building.	1
In one aspect, the present disclosure relates to a method of providing portion isolation design to a chip design having a predetermined number of portions. In certain embodiments, the method may include: retrieving a chip design file of a chip, the chip design file having pin related information from a chip design database, generating, via a pin group utility module, a pin group file according to the pin related information retrieved, combining, via a portion wrapper insertion utility module, the pin group file with one or more portion netlists to form one or more localized portion wrapper segments, stitching, via the portion wrapper insertion utility module, the one or more localized portion wrapper segments to form a portion boundary wrapper chain, and inserting, via the portion wrapper insertion utility module, the portion boundary wrapper chain into the chip design file to facilitate partial-good portion isolation test of the chip.	1
The engine is possible to be operated in homogeneous charge compression ignition (HCCI) combustion mode. This is a combustion mode, different than conventional spark ignited (SI) combustion mode, in order to reduce fuel consumption in combination with ultra low NO x emissions. In this mode, a mixture containing fuel, air and combustion residuals is compressed to auto ignition. HCCI combustion is characterized by many exothermal centers and the energy is released in a higher rate compared to combustion with a moving flame front originating from the sparkplug (SI). In order to slow down the heat-release rate the stoichiometric mixture must be diluted with either air (enleanment) or residuals. The dilution rate can be higher compared to an SI engine due to the lack of a moving flame-front. The increased mass reduces the maximum temperature hence increases the thermal efficiency. This reduces both pumping losses and combustion temperature hence the fuel consumption compared to an SI operated engine.	1
By taking the assumption that the second emission prohibiting period is sufficiently short, the pulse light emission can be cancelled after the delay, whereby the pickup of unstable images can be prevented as well.	1
The disclosure further provides a non-transitory computer-readable medium storing a program for an apparatus including a sewing unit driving a first moving mechanism moving an embroidery frame in a first direction and a second moving mechanism moving the embroidery frame in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction, a processor and a memory configured to store embroidery data, wherein the program causes the processor to execute instructions which, when executed, cause the apparatus to calculate a sewing time in which a first moving mechanism and a second moving mechanism are driven to move the embroidery frame in a first direction and a second direction perpendicular to the first direction thereby to sew the embroidery pattern or a value contributing to the sewing time, based on the embroidery data, to determine an angle relative to the first or second direction, at which angle the embroidery pattern is sewn, based on the calculated sewing time or the value contributing to the sewing time and to store, in the memory, the determined relative angle having a correspondence relation with the embroidery data of the embroidery pattern.	1
The apparatus may include a washer intermediately positioned between adjoining faces of the male and female blocks. The washer may further be adapted to be positioned at the garage door track opening and thereby maintained the male block spaced from the female block. In this way, the female block may remain spaced from the male block while the worm screw is interfitted within the axial bore of the female block. Such an arrangement provides the unexpected and unpredictable advantage of aligning the male and female blocks together as the washer may be used to offset any misalignment between the guide track and the male and female blocks. The washers may thus enable the worm screw to be better aligned with the axial bore of the female block to reduce the risk, for example, of distorting and even breaking the worm screw when there is a misalignment between the male and female blocks.	1
Such structure allows the latching portion 16 to be accurately and smoothly engaged with the engaging device 27 , because the engaging device 27 is stabilized at the predetermined position, when the carriage 11 ascends again, after once descending, so as to return the latching portion 16 to the engaging position C to be thereby engaged with the engaging device 27 of the needle bar at the position corresponding to the upper dead point, and thus allowing the carriage 11 to vertically reciprocate together with the needle bar, to thereby provide the benefit in quality that the sewing work is performed as designed so as to offer a product having a perfect embroidery pattern.	1
Another embodiment of the invention is the growing management system within a distributed farm system so as to minimize the post harvest loss of nutrients/flavor.	1
The screw jacks used in the machine embodying the present invention operate quietly, consume power only when being used, and provide precision positioning of the moved parts. The screw jacks thus eliminate the problems associated with the prior art use of hydraulic actuators which require a motor, pump, various hoses and valves, and actuator cylinders; must be maintained in a leak-free state; operate loudly; and constantly use energy when running.	1
Owing to the specific present invention conception of the adsorptive filtering material according to the invention there is provided a gas or air pervious material wherein, owing to the specific arrangement of the perforations, a direct flow of gas or air through the adsorptive filtering material in a direction transverse to the main extension plane is avoided. The present invention accordingly provides for a lengthening or enlarging of the diffusive or convective path of the gas or air flowing therethrough, more particularly involving a slowing of the flow rate, so that altogether the adsorptive performance is significantly improved. This will be discussed in greater detail in what follows.	1
Since a mobile station transmits a modulation and coding scheme (MCS) level using a less amount of resources, signaling overhead of feedback information when a plurality of users exists can be reduced.	1
The present invention seeks to at least mitigate the shortcomings associated with the prior art, and to manufacture a workpiece with multiple metal layers at a lower cost and with a higher yield, by preparing materials according to actual material consumption, thus being more environmentally friendly and cost efficient than the technology currently available. Meanwhile, different metals of double layers or multiple layers may be designed to completely or partially cover a substrate, so as to meet the requirements for appearance and mechanical performance at the same time, which will save a large amount of work in developing different alloy materials and save global resources.	1
Our present invention provides a method of abating, retarding or eliminating the progression of myopia or hypermetropia in an individual by controlling off-axis aberrations, through manipulating the curvature of field of a visual image in a predetermined fashion and ultimately altering, reducing or eliminating eye axial elongation.	1
(3) No potential problems arising from the use of some of the more well-established treatments (e.g., antihistamines, mast cell stabilizers, etc.) causing a sedative effect, and so causing a decrease in subject performance, alertness, and cognitive function; and	1
Accordingly, one of the objects of the invention is to provide a post that does not have a weighted base which provides a cleaner aesthetic and further provides maximum floor space.	1
According to the present methods, a composition comprising the perfluoropolyether having a carboxyl group at one terminal at a higher ratio is efficiently obtained. In the present method, a limitation of a molecular weight is small, so that the method can be applied to a perfluoropolyether having a wide molecular weight distribution. Further, the present method decreases an amount of fluorine solvent used, so that influence to environmental burden is small and is suitable to a mass production.	1
Such a blocking condition is then, for example, met if a degree to which a catalytic converter of the internal combustion engine is heated up achieves at least a threshold state. By a threshold state, such a state is understood to exist, in which the catalytic converter can generate a desired emission control effect on the exhaust gas. Most importantly an unnecessary increase in the set point pressure is thus avoided as a result of this step according to the invention, because if the catalytic converter can yield a sufficient emission control performance, the increase in the set point pressure, which reduces emissions but at the same time stresses the fuel system, is not required.	1
The present invention provides a wireless communications system that permits broadcast of information via a menu structure embedded in the a broadcast signal. The menu structure may be used to communicate a broadcast signal to a multitude of wireless device users capable of receiving such a signal, for example, as part of a local access channel. The present invention thus facilitates a broadcast that may be used to assist with commercial transactions or otherwise to distribute a variety of information simultaneously to users with different interests. Through preferential use of a hierarchical menu structure, users receiving the wireless broadcast may independently navigate the menu structure to "focus" on particular items of interest.	1
In this manner, since a reaction force in the work plate thickness direction is received by the regulation member, the overall rigidity of the apparatus can be lower than conventionally, whereby the ironing can be performed with a simple structure.	1
The primary object of the present invention is to provide for a positive generation of a reset pulse for a memory of an integrated circuit controlled dryer under a variety of starting and stopping conditions.	1
After the above structure is adopted, the metal covered plastic water-passing body is used in the fixing structure for the water pipe of the split type faucet body, and the valve seat is formed by performing a two-shot plastic injection molding process in the inner cavity of the water-passing body. The water pipe ferrule is additionally provided, which is detachably disposed in the inner cavity of the water-passing body. Since the water pipe ferrule is a cylinder having a receiving groove at a certain depth on both sides along its axial position, when the first water-passing pipe and the second water-passing pipe are disposed in the receiving grooves, it can be ensured that the first water-passing pipe and the second water-passing pipe are stably fixed between the water pipe ferrule and the inner wall of the water-passing body; at the same time, since an end of the water pipe ferrule has elastic snap-fit points, which makes it easy to install and detach, the use of this technical solution reduces the manufacturing cost, and at the same time enhances the stable connection between the first water-passing pipe and the second water-passing pipe with the water-passing body, and also promotes the convenience of water pipe assembly and disassembly.	1
In at least one form of the present invention, a surgical stapling instrument can comprise one or more actuator knobs which can be operably engaged with and disengaged from a pusher bar in order to selectively utilize the actuator knobs. In various embodiments, a stapling instrument can include one or more rotatable actuator knobs which can be rotated between a first, retracted position in which they are operably disengaged from the pusher bar and a second, extended position in which they are operably engaged with the pusher bar. In at least one embodiment, a surgeon can selectively extend an actuator knob to advance the pusher bar such that the selected actuator knob does not interfere, or at least substantially interfere, with the surrounding tissue. The other actuator knob, or knobs, can remain in a retracted, disengaged position such that they do not have to be advanced with the pusher bar and/or do not substantially extend from the outer perimeter of the surgical stapling instrument.	1
In some aspects of the disclosure, the second filter is carried on a guiding member having a guidewire lumen extending therethrough. In certain aspects, the guiding member is a catheter shaft. A guiding member having a guidewire lumen allows the user to precisely deliver the second filter by advancing the filter system over the guidewire. The guiding member can be configured to have increased column strength to aid advancement of the second filter. In some aspects, the guiding member includes a flexible portion to better position the second filter within the vessel.	1
It is evident from table 8 that the yield of syn gas produced by the co-gasification of the biomass and pet coke by the process of the present invention is significantly more as compared to the yield of syn gas produced by the gasification of mixed feed of biomass and pet coke. It is also evident from the table that the calorific value of the syn gas produce by the co-gasification of biomass and pet coke by the process of the present invention is significantly better than the calorific value of the syn gas produced by the gasification of mixed feed (Biomass+Pet coke).	1
It is an object of the present invention to provide a coiled tubing injection system which is equipped with a versatile mast system capable of compact storage on a transport trailer but one which can be conveniently and quickly moved between operating and travel modes by way of that trailer. It is particularly an object of the present invention to provide a mast which allows locating of the injector unit accurately over a well head in a quick and efficient manner.	1
It is still another object of the present invention to provide an endoscopic clip removing apparatus that is capable of both unlatching a clip and thereafter removing the clip from the surgical site.	1
It is an object of the present invention to provide an apparatus that employs individual needle control capability ing tufting a multicolored yarn pattern into a statically held backing fabric. In one aspect of the invention, the apparatus features a support frame to which the ends of sheet of backing material are clamped so that the backing is held in plane under uniform tension while being worked upon by a tufting head that moves about the backing. By holding the backing static, rather than feeding it through the machine during tufting, the present tufting machine exercises greater control over individual tuft position accuracy, as the backing is prevented from skewing like it could if conveyed by a feed mechanism of some sort. Furthermore, eliminating the aspect of advancing the backing material from the tufting process allows separate pieces of backing, which are to be adjacently laid upon and adhered to a separate base material, to be tufted with precise symmetry and continuity of their respective rows of yarn tufts.	1
In addition, the wrench 40 is often pivoted in an angular direction from the jaw 43, through the throat 45 to the jaw 44, the serrate surface 431 is often subject to a smaller force than the serrate surface 441 is. The crowns 442a, 443a and 444a are larger than the crowns 433 for providing a greater strength for the serrate surface 441 than for the serrate surface 431.	1
The present application describes a stroller apparatus that can collapse in a compact and convenient manner. In some embodiments, the stroller apparatus can be provided with a mounting fixture capable of detachably attaching a child support accessory thereon. The mounting fixture affixed on the stroller frame can lock with a connector affixed on the child support accessory. The connector can be inserted into the mounting fixture for locking the child support accessory in position on the stroller frame. The connector can lock with the mounting fixture in either of a rearward and forward facing configuration of the child support accessory. In other embodiments, the stroller apparatus can include a child support that has a connector portion through which it is permanently assembled with the stroller frame. The construction of the stroller frame is such that it can be conveniently collapsed in a compact form.	1
The present invention provides a multi-layer mirror including on top of the multi-layer mirror a spectral purity enhancement layer, especially for application in an EUV lithographic apparatus. This spectral purity enhancement layer includes at least a first spectral purity enhancement layer, but between the multi-layer mirror and first spectral purity enhancement layer there may be also an intermediate layer or a second spectral purity enhancement layer and intermediate layer. Hence, amongst the embodiments of the present invention there are multi-layer mirrors with the following configurations: multi-layer mirror/first spectral purity enhancement layer; multi-layer mirror/intermediate layer/first spectral purity enhancement layer; and multi-layer mirror/second spectral purity enhancement layer/intermediate layer/first spectral purity enhancement layer. These and other embodiments may enhance the spectral purity of normal incidence radiation, such that DUV radiation is diminished relatively stronger than EUV radiation.	1
An important object of the present invention is a process for treating an alloy based on cobalt and nickel and containing chromium lying within a restricted range and converting same into a mainspring for a timepiece.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide a semi-permanent securing mechanism to affix the post to the ground which prevents the post from shifting or moving from its desired position in securing the queue or maze and thus causing disorder in the queue lines.	1
One embodiment of the present invention provides aqueous non-toxic, anti-corrosive, rust-inhibiting compositions which may include organic acids such as sorbic acid, salts of sorbic acid and/or derivatives thereof such as potassium sorbate and extracts natural gums or waxes such as beeswax, vegetable wax and/or extracts or derivatives thereof.	1
If the patient file submission is rejected 213 by the payor, the computer-based application will provide reasons for the rejection 216 and guide the patient to a resubmission process 216 that outlines additional documents required to complete the patient resubmission file for the payor pre-approval process. The progress tracker 215 informs the patient about the steps required to complete the patient resubmission file. In another example of an embodiment, the computer-based application will display to the patient the number of documents uploaded and also the number of documents required to complete the patient file resubmission. In another example of an embodiment, the progress tracker's 215 progress indicator such as a progress bar, will update and visually communicate an increase of progress each time a required document is uploaded to the patient file. This decreases the time from payor rejection to resubmission hence decreasing the total time until approval. It also facilitates resubmission which increases the likelihood of eventual approval.	1
According to the configuration with the additional feature described above in the second aspect, with the help of the tool exchanger for use in replacing one tool with another tool to be held by the tool post, the direction of the longitudinal axis of the bit of the tool held by the tool post can be exchanged with a new tool having a different direction of the longitudinal axis of the bit, whereas the controller is configured to change the direction of the relative movement of the tool and/or the workpiece in accordance with the direction of the longitudinal axis of the exchanged new tool held by the tool post. The use of the tool exchanger enables to change the direction of the longitudinal axis of the bit and thus ease of use and efficiency in operation can be achieved.	1
In some embodiments there is provided the use of a honey based topical composition with type II arabinogalactan (AG) removed from the honey in the manufacture of a topically administered composition for minimising stimulation of the immune system of a body area on a patient in need thereof.	1
A blocking condition, which has been met, also exists if a release of the air bag was requested in a motor vehicle, in which the fuel system is installed. This is normally only the case when such a motor vehicle is involved in an accident. The safety of the passengers of such a motor vehicle is improved, in that an increase in the set point pressure and in so doing also in the actual pressure in the fuel system is blocked.	1
The process may be conducted at atmospheric pressure, thereby avoiding the need for high pressure equipment.	1
Generally speaking, the sealing strip of the present invention comprises a pair of parallel side walls joined together at their tops and bottoms by serrated or dentate top and bottom walls to form an elongated, hollow body. The strip is provided with a symmetrical internal reinforcing network of webs for effecting an equalization of sealing pressure at the strip side walls. These webs define various shaped cavities or spaces therebetween into which the webs are displaced during compression of the sealing strip and are interrelated in such a manner as to prevent rotation of the top and bottom edges of the strip side walls away from the facing surfaces of the adjacent pavement sections. Also, these internal webs cause upward movement of portions of the strip top wall to eject foreign matter accumulated in the joint above the sealing strip.	1
According to the present invention of the above constitution, since one hammer drill is constructed by comprising a pilot hammer drill and a reamer hammer drill coupled to each other through a key-guide structure in the vertical direction so as to allow simultaneous rotation and up-and-down movement relative to each other, there is an effect of providing a hammer drill capable of maintaining mechanical robustness even under the environment of vibration, dust, debris and the like generated during the drilling of a hole.	1
Another non-limiting example of fluorophosphate based glass system that may be used in the optical components of the present invention may include fluorophosphate glass systems with Ytterbium dopant containing Ba(PO 3 ) 2 , Al(PO 3 ) 3 , BaF 2 and RFx, where RFx is selected from the group MgF 2 , CaF 2 , BiF 3 , YF 3 , LaF 3 , or related fluorides (but not Alkali-fluorides or lead-fluoride) and, one of Yb 2 O 3 and YbF 3 . That is, glass system Al(PO 3 ) 3 —Ba(PO 3 ) 2 —BaF 2 +RFx+dopant use dopant from the group of oxides or fluorides of the rare earth elements over 100 percent (wt %) of the composition above Yb and mixtures thereof. The introduction of Yttrium Fluoride YF 3 and Lanthanum Fluoride LaF 3 improved the overall performance and efficiency of these glasses. The preferred material for the optical components using the YF 3 may contain Ba(PO 3 ) 2 , 10 to 60 mol %; Al(PO 3 ) 3 , 10 to 60 mol %; BaF 2 +RFx, 20 to 90 mol %; and one of a dopant of Yb 2 O 3 of 0.5 to 20 weight % or fluoride YbF 3 of 0.5 to 20 weight %.	1
A further object of the invention is to eliminate a weighted base from the post to prevent luggage from rolling over the base and moving the post from its desired position.	1
The process according to this invention can be carried out at standard or lower pressure. Because the low boiling points of chloroacetyl chloride and dichloroacetyl chloride are very low at a very low pressure and because of the chemical decomposition at temperatures which occur at increased pressure, the process of this invention is effectively carried out between 20 torr and standard pressure, preferably between 50 and 100 torr.	1
The copolymers of this invention can be handled like conventional elastomers. They may be converted by milling, vulcanizing and compounding to sheets and other shaped articles. In addition, since most of the polymers are soluble in fluorocarbon solvents they may be cast from solution.	1
The various illustrated systems of this disclosure are intended to provide a general understanding of various applications for the circuitry and structures of the present invention, and are not intended to serve as a complete description of all the elements and features of an electronic system using memory cells in accordance with aspects of the present invention. One of the ordinary skill in the art will understand that the various electronic systems can be fabricated in single-package processing units, or even on a single semiconductor chip, in order to reduce the communication time between the processor and the memory device(s).	1
The primary objective of the present invention is to provide a maze in which the rotatable three-dimensional block is rotatable to guide the ball to roll and turn on the at least one path formed in any one of the T shape, the cross shape, and the arc shape on each square cube unit, wherein when the three rotary layer units of the rotatable three-dimensional block are rotated in different levels, the ball rolls in various paths so as to enhance interesting of the maze.	1
Moreover, it is possible to readjust the precise positioning of the individual mirrors of the first facets during the illumination of the object field. In particular, this can also be provided for the switched facets. As a result of this, the precision of the positioning of same can be improved.	1
The present invention is directed, in part, to a method for reducing alcohol losses in biodiesel fuel manufacturing processes. In one aspect of the invention, there is provided a method for making biodiesel fatty acid esters comprising the steps of (a) reacting triglycerides with alcohol under pressure to produce a mixture containing fatty acid esters, glycerol, and unreacted alcohol; (b) separating the mixture into a glycerol enriched stream and a fatty acid ester stream, and maintaining at least one of these streams under pressure such that unreacted alcohol is present in the stream in liquid form; (c) forwarding at least one of the pressurized streams to a flash vessel and reducing the pressure of the stream to vaporize unreacted alcohol; and (d) condensing the alcohol vapor and sequestering it for subsequent reuse. The invention provides an efficient alcohol recovery system having low energy requirements which improves the overall economics of the biodiesel manufacturing process.	1
This invention relates generally to light emitting devices and more particularly to new combinations for enhancing their light output.	1
To solve the above problems, a display device is provided for a watercraft to indicate various status data related to the conditions of the outboard motor (e.g., cooling water temp, engine speed, trim angle, oil level, etc.), while allowing the reduction of the device size, and the improvement of the visual recognition ability.	1
In the study example, the evaporator and the condenser do not exchange heat between the blast air into the vehicle interior and the refrigerant, and thus, even if the refrigerant leaks from the evaporator or the condenser, the refrigerant can be prevented from leaking into the vehicle interior. An exterior heat exchanger disposed in the foremost portion of a vehicle is replaced with a heat exchanger using the coolant. For this reason, the refrigerant is not emitted even in a slight collision, an increase in repair costs can be restricted, and environmental destruction can be prevented.	1
An advantage of the processes provided herein is that efficient removal of fluorinated compounds can be achieved using a single separation technique instead of multiple different ones.	1
According to an exemplary aspect of the current invention, a blade containment encompasses the engine casing and the blade failure path. The blade containment net may encompass areas around the engine casing in directions in which the blade portion could escape when the blade out occurs. In order to reduce space occupancy, the blade containment net may be collapsed on the surface of the engine casing during normal operation of the engine, and may only be deployed in the event of a blade out. According to various aspects of the current invention, the blade containment net may be embedded in the engine casing. Structurally, the net may be made out of any material that provides high tensile strength and low brittleness, such as a metal (e.g., a steel or other metal woven wire), as well as a composite, carbon fiber, Kevlar, or a ceramic. Other materials that provide high tensile strength and low brittleness may also compose all or portions of the net.	1
According to the present invention, the operable-inoperable area of the robot can be automatically set inside the predetermined search area upon the contact of the robot with the object. Accordingly, this enables to reduce the burden on the setting operator regardless of conditions such as setting conditions of the robot and complexity of a work space, at the time of setting of the operable-inoperable area of the robot.	1
A further object of the present invention is to provide a method for positioning a steelmaking lance in an electric arc furnace from a first position outside the shell of said electric arc furnace to a second position in said shell, said method minimizing the manoeuvres of the lances and the space required for performing said manoeuvres.	1
It would further be advantageous to provide a tissue supporting device with different beneficial agents provided in different holes to achieve a desired spatial distribution of two or more beneficial agents.	1
Among the two-dimensional photonic crystals of the present invention, the one having a symmetric arrangement between the first modified refractive index area and the third modified refractive index area, and a complementary arrangement of the second modified refractive index area for the first modified refractive index area and the third modified refractive index area can obtain a complete PBG larger than that of the other two-dimensional photonic crystal of the present invention. It is because the crystal structure has the C 3v (or 3m) symmetry similarly to the two-dimensional photonic crystal described in Non-Patent Document 1. In addition, such a two-dimensional photonic crystal of the present invention having the three-layered arrangement can create the complete PBG larger than the two-dimensional photonic crystal described in Non-Patent Document 1. It is because the structure has the above-mentioned refractive index distribution in addition to the symmetry of the crystal structure.	1
In accordance with another aspect of the invention, the diaphragm pump is constructed having a pump housing surface situated to limit the deflection of the diaphragm into the driving chamber. Further, the pump housing includes a plurality of fluid apertures for conducting a pressurized, hydraulic pumping fluid to a plurality of discrete locations within the driving chamber. This limiting of the diaphragm deflection acts separately and in combination with the conducting of the hydraulic fluid to a plurality of locations within the driving chamber, to distribute internal, hydraulic pumping pressures evenly across the diaphragm. This relatively even distribution of the internal, hydraulic pumping pressures serves to provide the diaphragm with a long, reliable operational life.	1
In other embodiments, the present invention provides a method for producing a glactosylated product protein or peptide involving contacting an acceptor substrate with the β-1,3-galactosyltransferase polypeptide (truncated CgtB protein) and a donor substrate comprising galactose, thus allowing transfer of the galactose moiety to the acceptor saccharide to occur resulting in a galactosylated product protein or peptide.	1
Also described herein, is a method of enhancing glucan-mediated committed progenitor stem cell recovery after injury via the complement system pathway, comprising administering to an individual a therapeutically effective orally bioavailable amount of whole glucan particles, wherein the glucan binds and activates the complement system pathway and wherein enhancement of committed progenitor stem cells are regenerated and proliferated. The orally administered whole glucan particle is taken up by macrophages, transported to the bone marrow, degraded and fragments released that prime the CR3 of stem cells activating the stem cells to differentiate and proliferate. Via the complement system pathway, the whole glucan particle promotes stem cell proliferation and differentiation by binding to iC3b deposited on injured stem cells and priming CR3.	1
According to the present invention, at least a portion of the inner walls of the flow channel is hydrophilic from the inlet to the outlet thereof except at least one valve portion, which is hydrophobic and functions to block transport of the fluid. The electrodes for reducing the surface tension of the fluid and the air vents that function to introduce air in order to split the fluid are provided at least one valve portion. Therefore, the fluid can be transported, by applying voltage to the electrodes to change the hydrophobic nature of the valve portion to a hydrophilic nature. The transport of the fluid can be ceased, by ceasing the application of voltage to the electrodes to change the hydrophilic nature of the valve portion to a hydrophobic nature, and by introducing air into the valve portion. The air which is introduced into the valve portion can split the fluid within the flow channels.	1
In another embodiment of the invention, a method for designing a lens or other correction (e.g., refractive surgery correction) to improve a patient's vision quality that is degraded by both rotationally symmetric and rotationally asymmetric aberrations involves designing the lens or the correction such that a residual amount of the rotationally symmetric aberrations are greater in magnitude than a residual amount of rotationally asymmetric aberrations, e.g., coma. Once again, exemplary metrics for evaluating the patient's visual quality include, but are not limited to, the PSF and the Strehl ratio. The amount of residual or uncorrected rotationally symmetric aberrations will vary in each patient, and guidance will be provided by the aforementioned metrics. Preferably, the distribution of light in the PSF will not contain multiple peaks.	1
The interstitial space (represented nominally by element 32 ) between the exterior covering or skin of the dog and the purse liner as well as the head and appendages is filled with a resilient stuffing material 34 which maintains the basic shape of the dog. The stuffing material is packed sufficiently to maintain substantial longitudinal rigidity in the dog. Additional rigidity may be provided in alternative embodiments with rods or resilient structural elements 35 integral with the purse liner which additionally may maintain a fixed cavity opening in the purse for desired contents. Longitudinal elements such as those shown may also increase the longitudinal rigidity of the overall purse.	1
By switching between the modes in dependence on detecting a change in the behavior of the intended recipient of the food and/or beverage, the point in time at which the item is ready will be much better aligned with the desire of the recipient, that is, the consumer. As a result, the recipient will be more satisfied and the device will be used more efficiently as heating the food and/or beverage long before the moment of consumption may be avoided, for example. Avoiding prolonged heating not only saves energy, it also improves the quality of the food and/or beverage.	1
At least one additional advantage for at least one embodiment is improved lifetime and environmental stability.	1
Advantageously, the proposed method replaces relatively invasive or relatively ineffective existing treatments for valvular diseases. Also, in addition to slowing the progression of valvular disease, the proposed method also reverses valvular stenosis. Accordingly, the proposed treatment not only has a potential to slow down or stop the progression of aortic valve stenosis and other valvular diseases, but also to cause the regression of aortic valve stenosis and other valvular diseases.	1
The invention is also based, in part on the insight that a heating-control storage tank, as described herein, can also be used to improve the efficiency of hot water heating systems. As will be discussed, such heating control storage tanks can also be used to create preferred input conditions (makeup water temperature and flow volume) to increase heating efficiency and reliability as well.	1
According to the present invention, it is possible to identify a terminal that has caused an abnormality detected in a network.	1
In some embodiments, the garment may have an exterior surface of one or more panels of material that cover the inner panel. When the panels of material and the layers of material that cover an opening are moved, the wearer may be able to insert a portion of the breast pump body through the opening, and the layers of material and/or the panels of material of the garment may aid in supporting the breast pump body and/or the wearer's breast. The materials used for the inner and the exterior panel may be a fabric capable of being stretched to allow for pushing the material out of the way to insert the pump body portion, and the fabric may have some elasticity to then fit snugly under and/or around the pump body portion for support and return to the panels original shape covering the inner panel. In some embodiments, the garment may have elastic edges to prevent the garment from slipping down as well as providing additional support for the wearer's breasts.	1
Based on the data read from the cannula supply electrode memories, the control console also regulates the RF signal that is applied to the supply electrode in order to energize the cannulae active tip(s).	1
The primary object of the present invention is to provide a hand weaving loom of the specified character which is simple in operation, but can produce complicated weave patterns which may be varied by interchanging the cam assembly.	1
An added major advantage of the DFF AF system is its robustness to adverse environmental effects. For example, temperature gradients or accidental shock may perturb the factory set focus position. The pure parallax AF system based on distance sensing would not compensate for such effects regardless of the shift in the plane of best focus due to such perturbations. In the DFF AF system, the feedback from the sharpness signal ensures that the final taking lens positioning is at the plane of best focus; the plane of maximal image irradiance (contrast) sensing is sensitive to any focus variations induced by environmental perturbations.	1
In accordance with the invention, a process is provided for producing a crimped yarn having latent bulking characteristics comprising feeding a drawn, pretensioned, multifilament yarn to a crimping zone, crimping said yarn, withdrawing crimped yarn from said crimping zone under a low, substantially constant tension and at a substantially uniform speed, cooling said yarn, increasing the tension on said yarn to a substantially constant tension between 0.03 to 0.8 grams per denier to at least partially reduce the amplitude of said crimps and compacting said yarn to facilitate further processing.	1
It is yet another object of the invention to provide a control interface based on an industry standard language which is easily incorporated into many different programming environments.	1
In some embodiments, the present invention provides a method for producing a glactosylated product glycolipid or ganglioside involving contacting an acceptor substrate with the β-1,3-galactosyltransferase polypeptide (truncated CgtB protein) and a donor substrate comprising galactose, thus allowing transfer of the galactose moiety to the acceptor saccharide to occur resulting in a galactosylated product glycolipid or ganglioside.	1
In a preferred arrangement, the stationary vanes diverge from a longitudinal central plane in the direction of rotation of the feed beater. Therefore, the deflection away from the centre of the engaged crop material is increased, thereby reducing the probability of the deflected material feeding back after the second pass.	1
In accordance with another aspect of the invention, a method of manufacturing a hydraulic tool crimping die is provided comprising injecting a polymer material into a mold; and forming the crimping die in the mold with a first section adapted to be removably connected to a die mounting area of a hydraulic crimping tool and a second section having a crimping surface adapted to crimp a connector onto a conductor. The die is adapted to withstand a compression force of at least 10,000 psi without permanent deformation. The die is adapted to prevent electrical arcing with the die.	1
The ends of the blow molded members may be completely closed during the blow molding process for increased strength and to keep out dirt and moisture.	1
In another representative embodiment of a coiled tubing injector, rollers on the backside of grippers on a gripper chain pass over at least one shallow groove or depression formed in, or gap between segments of, a planar roller contact surface of a skate, thereby momentarily removing or reducing the force being applied by the skate to the grippers as they pass through at least one predetermined location within a gripping zone of the coiled tubing injector. The reduction or removal of the force allows the grippers on the gripper chain to reset their positions on the tubing at one or more predetermined locations in order to accommodate changes in the strain caused by changes in stress as the tubing moves through the injector.	1
The present inventors have found that glutathione is stably retained in a granular composition comprising glutathione, a mineral substance, and 12% by mass or more of starch, and sufficient strength can be obtained. One or more embodiments of the present invention have been made based on such new findings. One or more embodiments of the present invention include the following.	1
The individual pieces are generally in the shape of a simple polygon. For purposes of illustration, the pieces will generally be described and illustrated as hexagons, i.e. polygons with six edges and six vertices. Each piece is constructed of plastic with a hollow interior separating an exterior side of the piece from an interior side of the piece. The hollow interior will be provided with internal plastic struts molded into it to strengthen it. The hollow interior of each piece will remain as be a dead air space that will serve to insulate the dome or can be filled with light weight rigid insulation material, such as closed-cell extruded polystyrene foam or other suitable insulating material.	1
Each of the piezoelectric elements is deformed in an out-of-plane direction as a voltage is applied thereto and then expands/contracts the corresponding pressure chambers. Liquid is supplied from the feed chamber to the pressure chambers and the liquid stored in the pressure chambers is ejected from the ejection ports as the pressure chambers expand/contract. If part or all of the liquid is not ejected, it is recovered by the recovery chamber. In a liquid ejection head according to the present invention, a liquid flow starting from the feed chamber and terminating at the recovery chamber by way of the pressure chambers is established even in a state where the liquid ejection head does not eject liquid, so that the air bubbles, if any, contained in the liquid in the pressure chambers are removed from the ejection ports and their vicinity as a result of the liquid flow. Then, liquid can hardly stagnantly remain at and near the ejection ports and hence the liquid ejection head can suppress any possible increase of liquid viscosity at and near the ejection ports thereof.	1
The present invention allows rods and panels to be used in construction of a space frame using just one type of joint device; the only requirement is that the rod diameter has to match the size of the holes on the connecting hub. The device may be positioned anywhere along the rods, allowing flexibility in design, and the rods can be fixed by using set screw in a hole perpendicular to the rod. Panels can be screwed into any of the available holes.	1
The LED surface cover is the integrally molded article formed by using a molding die. The projected area of the subsidiary reflector on the surface of the surface light source is set to not more than the area of the aperture portion. Therefore the LED surface cover is easily releasable from the molding die, and the moldability of the LED surface cover which is a resin molding is improved.	1
Another aspect of the present concept includes a food processing machine having a base with a motor disposed therein. A cylindrical jar lock extends upwardly from a top surface of the base. The cylindrical jar lock is mounted to the base in a manner that permits a range of vertical motion of the cylindrical jar lock with respect to the base. A jar assembly has a jar and a collar that extends downwardly from the jar. The collar is adapted to fit circumferentially around the cylindrical jar lock. A plurality of locking tabs extend radially inwardly from the collar. The locking tabs mechanically engage with the cylindrical jar lock to prevent vertical movement of the jar with respect to the cylindrical jar lock.	1
Embodiments of the present methods and systems can be configured to induce significant pressure gradients downbore by utilizing electrochemical reactions with metals (e.g., in a targeted manner), thereby reducing cost and complex logistics.	1
If the multiple number of sleeve stacks are arranged in the area of supply units of the spinning-mill machine, in particular on a drive frame, intermediate frame or end frame of the respective machine side, the sleeve stacks can be distributed along the machine and thus, as a whole, bring about a shortening of the feeding length on the spinning-mill machine.	1
In accordance with the present invention, the cabinet is much more reduced in weight and it is possible to prevent the rough surface and the crack in the bent portion of the cabinet.	1
In short, the diafiltration method in comparison to the dialysis method is easily scaleable for large manufacturing, conforming to Good Manufacturing Practices, and hence industrially more viable and friendly.	1
According to the present invention this problem is solved by drawing out a filling yarn running from a supply bobbin through a feed position located approximately in the middle of the machine, spaced transversely from the rows of needles, and running to a tied up filling at one edge of the fabric. The filling yam is drawn in an opposite direction to form a loop whose apex moves on a. path which is located parallel to and is spaced transversely distant from the rows of needles, up to and beyond the longitudinal extent of the rows of needles, whereupon the looped strand running from the apex to the tied up filling is swung into the knitting shed which is open at this time. Since in the case of the process according to the invention the apex of the loop develops gradually from a filling yarn running to the tied-up filling at the edge of the fabric, drawing off the thread starts very gently and can then be increased by a correspondingly quick movement at the apex of the loop to a very high drawing-off speed without any impermissably high stresses of the filling yam occurring.	1
The operation at moderate temperatures reduces energy consumption and avoids the need for specialist high temperature equipment.	1
The manipulatable support provided by the articulating support elements allows the dog to be positioned, and balanced using the fore and hind legs as well as the neck and tail, to be self standing in a stable position. This provides not only a realistic appearance to the dog but provides a practical benefit of allowing the user to search for, remove or insert items in the open purse element.	1
Finally according to the invention, the entire multilayer can be deformed instead of the individual layers, by utilizing the extensibility characteristics of its constituent layers. This can be achieved by subjecting the multilayer web to stretching after its formation, but before the container is made, or on the already made container.	1
Another object of the Bed Bug and Roach Trap is to provide a system that is easy to disassemble into component parts for cleaning, storage and shipping.	1
In another embodiment, it is demonstrated herein that the activity of the indenoisoquinolines herein can be increased by ring substitution and by replacement of a primary alcohol with an amino group.	1
The ribbon obtained in the proposed device has high quality and ample flexibility, and its threads are located in parallel. Such ribbon finds wide application in fibre optics, as well as in structural components made of fibre glass.	1
As explained above, the technology proposed by the present invention is intended to reduce industrial waste and produce high added-value products and therefore has social significance.	1
It is yet another aspect of the present invention to provide a storage case that selectively accommodates a plurality of lenses. More specifically, lens holders are included and selectively positioned within the case. The lens holders may be triangularly shaped so as to provide gaps that allow easy access to the stored lenses. The lens holders of embodiments of the present invention include hook and loop material and thus may be affixed to various locations in the interior portion of the camera case. The lens holders are preferably flexible and are designed to accommodate lenses of varying diameters in lengths.	1
Further, the light guide is formed in a polygonal shape using a half mirror, and thus the three-dimensional lighting can be more improved, and a design degree of freedom can be increased.	1
In the structure of the present invention the problems described hereinabove are solved, the frame is simplified, and the work involved in changing the beams is also simplified. In the structure of the present invention the sleeve links for the frame work are utilized as the bearing housings for the Warp beam shaft. In another modification, the sleeve is split so that the sleeve acts as a hinge about which the clamping portions of the sleeve may mutually rotate. Thus the sleeve acts not only as a Warp beam bearing, but also as a hinge. In this second modification by utilizing the sleeve as a hinge which is also provided with beam bearing means, a saving in the expenditure involved in providing connecting sleeves for different frame forms is made possible.	1
To overcome the above discussed problems, the present invention provides a divided LED lamp, which allows LED assemblies and LED electronics to be received in individual and independent casing members and associated with respective heat dissipation fins or heat radiator, so as to realize high efficiency of heat dissipation, stabilized operation, and extended lifespan.	1
And another advantage of the present high reaching pruning apparatus is that the present high reaching pruning apparatus may have at least one spike on the underside of a foot brace for better securing the apparatus during use.	1
Also, a wishbone locking connector is used at each of the intersecting vertices of the pieces. As the pieces are fitted together, three different pieces with have their vertices intersect at a common point. Each wishbone locking connector is provided with three perpendicular legs with enlarged terminal ends such that one of the perpendicular legs inserts into a leg receiving opening provided at the vertices on the interior side of each of the three intersecting pieces. The pieces are additionally provided with an overhang on one or more of their edges as a means of diverting rain downward on the dome and to help prevent water leakage between adjacent pieces.	1
4) A Method for Producing Ethanol by Continuous Solid State Fermentation	1
It is a further object of the invention to provide a hand weaving loom for use as an educational device to illustrate or teach the art of weaving.	1
At least one additional advantage of at least one embodiment is good charge mobility	1
An advantage of the procedure according the invention is that it allows to obtain the purified cationic guar with high yields, due to the fact that the product is completely insoluble in the mixtures of water and alcohol used.	1
One benefit of the device disclosed herein is that it provides for solid anchoring between a spinal rod and a bone engaging fastener at variable spherical angles. A further benefit is that a common clamping element is provided to clamp the spinal rod and fix the angular position of the anchor device.	1
In the preferred embodiment of the present invention, an automated pipe handling apparatus is also provided which permits efficient transfer of pipe sections from said derrick (and jack apparatus) to a truck, pipe rack or other storage facility. As a result of such automated pipe handling apparatus, the labor requirement associated with loading and unloading pipe is substantially less than labor requirements associated with conventional drilling rigs. Safety is also greatly improved as a result of such automated pipe handling apparatus since it is generally not necessary to position personnel within the derrick. Additionally, less personnel are required on the rig floor compared to standard rigs.	1
A lapping tool is used for machining a surface of a row bar that can be later sliced into a plurality of individual sliders. The lapping tool can have a rotating lapping plate defining a lapping surface which can help abrade the surface of a slider. If desired, a slurry can be applied to the lapping surface to enhance the abrading action as the lapping surface is rotated relative to a row bar containing a plurality of the sliders held in a pressing engagement against the lapping surface. Lapping a row bar of sliders permits multiple slider bodies to be processed together, which can advantageously be relatively simple, precise and/or cost-effective. Lapping can involve multiple lapping steps such as rough lapping and final (kiss) lapping. At a desired point in manufacturing, individual sliders can be sliced from the row bar and ultimately used in a hard disk drive.	1
According to the present invention, while the rotating pilot hammer drill moves down relative to the reamer hammer drill and drills a pilot hole of small diameter to a predetermined depth using one or more drill bits installed at the bottom thereof, since one or more drill bits installed at the bottom of the reamer hammer drill rotating with the pilot hammer drill through the key structure can maintain a predetermined distance from the underground soil by means of rollers, there can be provided an effect of preventing the damage of the drill bits of the reamer hammer drill.	1
The two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention is manufactured by the two steps as follows: (i) the step of manufacturing the individual layers, that are the first layer to the third layer, and (ii) the step of bonding the first layer to the second layer, and the second layer to the third layer. The step (i) can be performed easily by using a photolithography method or the like as described in Patent Document 1, for example. In addition, the step (ii) can be performed easily by the heat bonding method that is used for manufacturing a three-dimensional photonic crystal (see, for example, Unexamined Japanese Patent Publication No. 2001-074955, paragraphs 0031 to 0034 and FIG. 8). Therefore, the two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention can be manufactured more easily than the two-dimensional photonic crystal described in Non-Patent Document 1.	1
According to the invention there is provided a mat-like or plate-shaped reinforcement element, for use in the production of concrete structures, which can be filled with or sprayed over with concrete and is characterised in that a supporting element resistant to bending is arranged along at least one of its edges. Such a reinforcing element, or reinforcing or shuttering constructions composed of such reinforcing elements, do not require before hardening of the concrete any supporting devices, for example erection arches or erection framework. The individual reinforcing elements are prevented from deformation because of the supporting elements resistant to bending, so that the reinforcing elements maintain their original pre-calculated position after the erection without auxiliary measures. The omission of additional supporting means gives a considerable saving of labour in the production of the concrete structure. In tunnel construction an arch-shaped reinforcing and shuttering construction composed of reinforcing elements in accordance with the invention, forms in addition for the personnel working at the site a protection against falling rock before the appropriate tunnel section is coated with concrete and without an additional structure being required.	1
The method for monitoring water consumption of a washing machine in the present disclosure is provided in light of avoiding a cost increase, and water intake stages and water intake characteristics during working of the washing machine are analyzed by mainly using corresponding calculation methods to calculate the water consumption in the clothes washing process of the washing machine; and the calculation result of the water consumption of the washing machine of the present disclosure substantially conforms to data obtained by detection using a flow meter. Therefore, the calculation method of the water consumption in the present disclosure leads to a relatively accurate calculation result and ensures that the calculation of the water consumption of the washing machine can be within an error allowable range.	1
Embodiments of the present invention may find applications in the HDTV market, e.g., for wireless home/office networks. Embodiments of the invention make groupcast delivery of multimedia content over wireless medium more reliable without violating the legacy MAC protocol of IEEE WLAN standards.	1
The calibration pattern may be an object with a known geometry and easily detectable feature points. According to some embodiments a chessboard pattern is used. The calibration process may determine certain intrinsic properties of the camera such as those relating to focal length, image sensor format, and principal point. The calibration aids in relating pixel count of an object to actual dimensions. The results of the calibration may be used to determine the distance between the camera and a target. By using an easily identifiable pattern or shape one may accurately then track the distance from the target to the camera as one is moved in relation to the other.	1
Additionally, and among other benefits, illustrative examples described herein allow production of collar components on-demand from an inventory of blanks for use in building projects with a variety of specifications and dimensional requirements.	1
In addition, the food-grade scented silicon provides user a taste which is closer to traditional cigarettes, eliminating the likelihood that the user switches back to smoke traditional cigarette because he/she prefers the taste of traditional cigarette.	1
The implementations described herein enable fluid exchange with a tank, such as occurs when filling, draining, and venting the tank, while the tank contents are under pressure. Multiple seals are used to inhibit leakage of the fluid, and the external connection to the tank port is straightforward, facilitating decreased spillage. The extractor casing may be re-used for fluid exchange with multiple tanks, while the tank port, bung plug, and cap needed for each tank may be relatively simple and inexpensive to manufacture.	1
The present invention was made in view of the situation mentioned above, and aims at providing a toner that is excellent in low-temperature fixability and can prevent the occurrence of high-temperature offsets and furthermore can make the humidity dependency of charging be small, and a manufacturing method of the toner.	1
The present invention discloses a novel Tool Trap that in at least some embodiments, can provide means for debris to fall over a Gate into a peripheral Sump and means to move a Gate laterally from a Center Tube to clear debris from the Center Tube that might restrict the Gate from rotating between an open position and a closed position. The Tool Trap improves over prior art by providing one or more of the following: (1) reduce debris from lodging on top of the Gate that may prevent it from opening; (2) move debris that may fall on top of the Gate; (3) reduce debris from accumulating around the bore of the Sump that may prevent the Gate from closing; (4) accumulate debris that may fall on the Gate in a way that does not affect operations of the wire-line tools; (5) allow for easy removal of accumulated debris; and (6) provide means for accomplishing those main objectives without having to (a) stop the well service operation, (b) depressurize, and (c) disassemble the well-head, (d) remove the debris, and (e) then reverse procedures (a-c).	1
The advantage provided by the present invention is the provision of a kit that allows a user, particularly a child, to produce a creative and individualized product while providing assistance in increasing the artistic quality of the final product.	1
According to the process of this invention, it is possible to distill chloroacetyl chloride with a content of at most 0.1 percent dichloroacetyl chloride at the head of the column. Dichloroacetyl chloride remains behind in the nodule with the n-dodecane extraction agent. The n-dodecane extraction agent can be freed continuously by standard chloride distillation in vacuum of dichloroacetyl chloride and of the residual chloroacetyl chloride, and can be returned without evaporation of the extraction column.	1
The inventors believe, without being bound by any theory, that the granules comprising the functionalized natural or synthetic calcium carbonate, mixed with a film forming agent and optionally said solid water soluble acid, the pores are covered or at least partially covered, closed or partially closed thereby trapping air inside the pore, thereby enhancing the floatability of the granules.	1
In contrast to selective virus and mutant BTLA agonists, HVEM interacts with BTLA, LIGHT, and CD160 in activated T cells, while in NK cells the abundant expression of CD160 sequesters HVEM, potentially activating pro-inflammatory signaling. In the context of lymphoma mutated TNFRSF14 is often paired with a non-functional allele, resulting in worse prognosis. The above described experiments predict that HVEM mutation away from CD160 binding prevents activation of cytolytic cells, while retention of BTLA binding activates inhibitory signaling in neighboring cells. The identification of DLBCL deletions in LIGHT and BTLA, both of which can activate HVEM signaling in trans, further supports the hypothesis that a major selective factor is the activation of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes. Additionally, tumors themselves may respond to LIGHT and BTLA to activate survival signals downstream of HVEM. Notably, follicular T helper cells prominently express BTLA and LIGHT, and may contribute to maintenance of HVEM functionality within lymphoma. Continued investigation is warranted to determine how HVEM contributes to lymphoma fitness in the tumor microenvironment through ligand selection. The expression of BTLA, LIGHT, and CD160 varies greatly between different cell types, activation, and differentiation states. Thus dynamic regulation of HVEM ligands provides a mechanism for control of activating and inhibitory signals depending on cellular context. The determination of factors regulating receptor and ligand expression will allow for a better understanding of the role of these proteins in immune responses, and how these pathways can be manipulated for therapeutic intervention. The development of targeted agonists to BTLA or other inhibitory receptors may serve to increase the repertoire of treatments for inflammatory disease.	1
As noted above, the above described system is arranged to provide mobility at any layer of the communications stack. At higher layers in the stack the bearers for a mobile AP would in turn have APs stacked beneath them. The MCPR nodes may be referred to as management nodes. These nodes may be provided as plug-ins which may be referred to as decision point plug-ins. These plug-ins enable the mechanism which provides the service selection and service mobility to be separated from the decision making part of the framework. For example, a mobile device can be provided with the above described communications framework, but with standard decision point plug-ins. The phone vendor is then able to supply their own specialised plug-ins which can be configured with any service selection and mobility polices the vendor desires. This feature enables devices to be customised easily which improves time-to-market and enables manufactures to differentiate products.	1
A further object of the present invention is to provide an ironing aid that is readily adapted to the ironing of different sizes of clothing.	1
According to the present invention, a thermoplastic composite material combining high strength and high uniformity in strength can be provided by efficiently impregnating a thermoplastic resin between reinforcing fibers, particularly into an interior of the fiber bundle. This results in deduction of the total cost including not only production cost, but also maintenance and sustainment of the work environment.	1
When affixed to the head of the infant, the force-distributing cranial support is configured to reduce compressive forces on soft, flexible cranial plates that define a cranial cavity. The force-distributing cranial support cradles the head, further promoting the proper development of the infant's head, reducing the incidence or preventing the development of plagiocephaly, brachycephaly, and dolichocephaly (referred to collectively as, “positional cranial molding” or, simply, “cranial molding”), as well as other forms of skeletal deformation. Such reduction of the development of cranial molding is also thought to aid in the prevention and treatment of other related disorders and diseases in neonatal subjects—most notably by permitting the normal growth of brain tissue within the cranial cavity, perhaps positively affecting cognitive development.	1
Advantageously, mold design is also not changed by the present invention, except that it is simplified by eliminating any sprue chamber in the mold, and it is a further advantage of the present invention that it can be used with any mold construction. For this reason, in the more specific description to follow below, the mold itself is shown with minimal details, noting particularly the elimination of a sprue chamber therein.	1
Prior to beginning the process and after the anode assembly 10 is assembled and secured, the exposed second side of the aluminum sheet 14 is cleaned with acetone and water* The acetone is first applied by squirting on the exposed side of'the aluminum* Water is then squirted on the aluminum to wash the acetone off. The cycle is repeated until there is no water breaks (or beads as it is generally known) on the aluminum sheet. Previous cleaning processes used a caustic etch, such as 10% sodium hydroxide with a sodium carbonate or alkali carbonate inhibitor, followed by water rinse, neutralizing acid dip of sulfuric acid or the like, and then repeated rinses with neutralizing acid and water. This caused pitting of the aluminum sheet. The acetone and water rinses used in the present process proved successful against pitting of the aluminum.	1
Thus the invention provides apparatus which can release a tablet from a blister pack in the apparatus simply by closing the lid. Once the lid has been closed, no further manipulation of the apparatus is required in order to release the tablet.	1
A further object of the present invention is a timepiece mainspring of a group of improved alloys based on cobalt and nickel containing chromium lying within a restricted range.	1
A compound of the invention has general physical properties necessary for the compound, namely, stability to heat, light and so forth, a wide temperature range of a liquid crystal phase, a high clearing point, a good compatibility with other compounds, a large optical anisotropy and a large dielectric anisotropy. A composition containing the compound of the invention has a high maximum temperature of a nematic phase, a low minimum temperature of the nematic phase, a small viscosity, an optical anisotropy with a suitable largeness and a low threshold voltage. A liquid crystal display device including the compound of the invention has a wide temperature range in which the device can be used, a short response time, a low electric power consumption, a large contrast ratio and a low driving voltage.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a relatively low cost steaming apparatus which enjoys an ease of operation and yields a coverage of pleat and folds with steam far greater than that obtainable from conventional steaming equipment.	1
According to the present invention there is provided a combine harvester comprising a pair of axial separating rotors each extending side-by-side within respective housings in a longitudinal direction and serving to separate grain from straw, a feed beater which rotates on a transverse axis and is located in front of the separating rotors to direct a crop flow rearwardly under the feed beater, the feed beater comprising directional vanes which direct the crop flow away from a central zone of the beater and toward respective crop streams associated with the two rotors, and scraper apparatus comprising stationary vanes provided above the beater, wherein crop material which back feeds over the top of the beater is scraped free of the beater and directed outwardly by the stationary vanes so that the scraped material is re-fed under the beater away from the central zone. The stationary vanes strip back fed material from the beater structure and guides it away from the middle, towards the left and right. Therefore, a problematic build up of material around the centre does not occur. Advantageously, this reduces the downtime of the machine which accompanies jamming caused by excessive back feeding.	1
A further object of the invention is to provide a hand weaving loom for use as a toy for children to create and make various woven articles.	1
In many embodiments, configuration data can be used to map dive device data to a display device. Configuration data can be obtained from the configuration device via a network. The configurable dive mask can also obtain configuration data directly from configuration devices. Communication between the configurable dive mask and the configuration devices can be facilitated by a configuration interface. In a variety of embodiments, the configuration interface can operate using radio frequency (RF) communication technology, or any other type of communication technique that is operable above water. On the surface, RF technology can be used to communicate quickly over long distances; however, RF signals typically do not propagate effectively underwater. While submerged, dive device data can be obtained from one or more dive devices via a dive device data interface. The dive device data interface can operate using magnetic field communication technology, which has a range far enough to span more than the length of the diver's body, or any other communication technology that functions while submerged. In this way, the configurable dive mask can be adapted to display data in a variety of ways depending on the needs of the diver for a particular dive. This can aid the diver in being able to quickly view and process relevant information to dive in a safe and efficient manner. Additionally, the configuration data and/or obtained dive device data can be transmitted utilizing the configuration interface and/or dive device data interface as appropriate to the requirements of specific applications of embodiments of the invention.	1
In another embodiment, indenoisoquinolines substituted with three-carbon alcohols and diols are described herein. In another embodiment, these three-carbon alcohol and diol-derived indenoisoquinolines appear to demonstrate activity across a panel of cancer cell lines. In another embodiment, several of these compounds appear to display potent Top1 inhibitory activity.	1
The back ferrule includes a forward region connected by a central region to a rearward region. The shape of the back ferrule is changed by the swaging process. More particularly, a generally cylindrical wall at the central region of the ferrule is elastically/plastically deformed to a corrugated tube-like shape that enhances the maintenance of the seals formed by the ferrules and coupling member with the tubular member.	1
On the other hand, according to the configuration with the additional feature described above in the third aspect, the tool post is a turret configured to be capable of holding a plurality of tools of which directions of longitudinal axes of bits with respect to those of corresponding holders are different from each other, the turret being rotatable around the Z axis, the tool post's indexing operation being performed by rotating the turret to a position in which a longitudinal axis of a holder of one of the tools is parallel to the X axis direction, whereas the controller is configured to change a direction of the relative movement of the one of the tools and/or the workpiece in accordance with a direction of a longitudinal axis of a bit of the indexed one of the tools. Therefore, the tool exchanger is not required, so that downsizing of the lathe as a whole can be achieved. Furthermore, upon changing the in-feed direction, the tool can be exchanged more swiftly in comparison with the alternative configuration in which the tool is replaced using the tool exchanger, and thus the efficiency in operation can be improved.	1
At least one additional advantage of at least one embodiment is good exciton diffusion length.	1
It is, accordingly, a first object of the present invention to overcome the disadvantages in the prior art by providing an information recording method for creating a data structure that causes a place where information is recorded or deleted on an information storage medium to correspond spuriously to a place on a single tape, such as a VTR tape, in order to provide the family user familiar with only the VTR as a medium capable of recording video information with an easy-to-use interface, and by providing an information reproducing method of reproducing the recorded information.	1
In particular, the shear connector can be very usefully used as the means for supporting the reinforcing rods when the reinforcing rods are arranged in the concrete slab.	1
Advantages of this machine include a lowered risk of tipping over when not supported by wheels of the devices in the frames.	1
The object of the invention is to provide a construction machine, in particular a slipform paver or a road milling machine, using which optimum working results can be achieved without using a stringline even when there are irregularities in the profile of the ground surface. A further object of the invention is to provide a method for controlling an automotive construction machine, in particular a slipform paver or road milling machine, by means of which optimum working results can be achieved without using a stringline even when there are irregularities in the profile of the ground surface.	1
An object of the invention is to overcome the problems described above and to provide an optical coherence tomography (OCT) apparatus based on spectral interference where object information can be speedily obtained and an information acquisition range in a depth direction can be enlarged, and an ophthalmic apparatus.	1
According to the present invention, the optical communication device can be brought to the connection establishment state in a short time.	1
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide an ironing aid that readily fits within a sleeve or leg of clothing but that is readily withdrawn as the ironing takes place.	1
The invention is a cassette pump that inserts into a cam head receptacle. The cassette has a body with a tapered portion. An opposing intake portion of the tapered head faces an offset cam impeller. The tapered head of the cassette permits a self-sealing locking effect for the cassette. A check valve controls the direction of the pressure created.	1
According to one or more embodiments, the methods and systems disclosed allow a person to easily determine their distance from an object. The target object may be an image of a pattern, an eye exam, or other suitable item. The image may be displayed on a computer screen or other suitable medium such as a printed sheet or series of printed sheets.	1
According to one or more embodiments, a user may begin the process while positioned close to a displayed pattern, run the application, and point the camera at the calibration pattern. The user then engages in a process for calibrating the camera to determine the camera's intrinsic and extrinsic properties. (Alternatively, the camera's properties may be retrieved programmatically in certain cases.) Calibration of the camera on the mobile device may be carried out according to any methods known to a person of ordinary skill in the art. According to one or more embodiments, calibration requires images of the calibration pattern from multiple angles to determine camera properties. As such, better calibration results can be achieved closer to the pattern where the camera can be moved at a greater angle. In the case that the camera device has other sensors such as an accelerometer, those sensors may be used to make calibration faster or more accurate.	1
The particle-tracking program generally operates on digital images of arbitrary size and image depth and acquired at arbitrary frame rate. Such features generally offer the following advantages: (i) elimination of the video recorder for the system substantially contributes to the improvement of the signal-to-noise ratio as well as the accuracy with which particles may be located; and (ii) software based on analyzing images of arbitrary size and depth acquired at arbitrary frame rate also enable utilization of the full range of the available spatial and temporal resolution of the hardware as well as the potential for improving the performance of the system without changing the software. For example, the time required to analyze each sample may be a constraint for certain practical applications and is mainly determined by, for example, rate of rotation (e.g., the trajectory should contain a certain number of revolutions in order to yield a distinct spectral peak) and should be approximately 1000 images long in order to produce a smooth correlation. Given that rate of rotation of F1 may be 20 revolutions per second, only a few seconds of recording may satisfy the first requirement; but if a standard-rate CCD camera is used, acquisition may need to be at least 30–40 seconds long in order to provide a sufficient number of images in the sequence. Thus, use of a high-speed camera would be expected to significantly reduce the time needed to analyze one patch providing that the fluorescent labels used may be recorded over the exposure time associated with the specific frame rate.	1
More specifically, the transducer of the present invention is of simple construction. A closed housing includes an internal cavity. A curved wall of this cavity is connected to the vacuum column wall by a first port or conduit. A second port or conduit connects an opposite flat wall of the cavity ot atmospheric or ambient pressure. A flexible, flat, air-impervious movable member is loosely placed within the cavity. The cavity and this member are dimensioned such that the member, while in its stable or preferred flat state, assumes a position at or closely adjacent the flat wall of the cavity. When this member is subjected to vacuum force, by way of the above-mentioned first port, the member assumes a flexed, unstable shape, conforming to the curved wall of the cavity. In this position, the member substantially closes the first port and prevents air flow into the vacuum column below the tape loop. The housing also includes a light source and a photocell mounted in noncommunicating relation at the curved wall of the cavity. Light from the light source is reflected off the member onto the photocell only when the member conforms to the curved wall of the cavity.	1
It is yet another object of the present invention to provide a breach bag with two or more fillable bladders that may be filled with different materials of varying compressibility, and that provides a highly predictable, standardized blast wave when explosive charges are disposed within the bag and detonated.	1
A sixth continuing object of the invention is to provide a belt buckle that includes a compartment and wherein the appearance of a front of the belt buckle is unaffected by the compartment.	1
In view of the drawbacks of the prior art, it would be advantageous to provide a stent capable of delivering a relatively large volume of a beneficial agent to a traumatized site in a vessel lumen while avoiding the numerous potential problems associated with surface coatings containing beneficial agents, without increasing the effective wall thickness of the stent, and without adversely impacting the mechanical expansion properties of the stent.	1
Novel asphalt compositions and methods of making the same are provided and described herein. It has been found that the addition of certain polymer(s) to asphalt adhesives increases the adhesion strength, and in particular increases the aged adhesion strength. The addition of certain polymer(s) has also been found to increase the bond strength and deformation resistance of asphalt adhesives. The improved properties of the asphalt compositions depend on the concentration of the polymer(s), where too little or too much of the polymer(s) reduces the desired properties. In other words, the concentration of the polymer(s) can be optimized for maximum performance Better performance can translate into a longer life span for the product, and that will bring significant economic benefits to customers.	1
The rod includes at least one cap attached thereto for allowing the rod to be rotated relative to the rule member by the user. A magnifying device may further be provided and attached to the rule member for magnifying the markings of the rod and the graduations of the rule member.	1
The direct turbine inlet temperature control of the present invention results in the ability to accurately operate the engine at a desired turbine inlet temperature condition, and this ability is achieved regardless of any spurious engine conditions that might exist. In the case of a regenerative engine, heat supplied to the engine burner by the regenerator is automatically accounted for without measuring any of the regenerator parameters. Thus, although not limited to regenerative engines, the present fuel control is particularly suited for such engines. The accuracy and advantages of the steady state operation of this fuel control are also incorporated into the acceleration function of the control by comparing actual turbine inlet temperature with a permissible maximum value of turbine inlet temperature.	1
The inventive system improves the structural strength of a garage door frame in the event of an earthquake. During an earthquake, the garage door frame sways in response to the ground movement. The garage door is typically mounted behind the door frame and does not provide strength to the frame or garage structure. The inventive system uses coupling mechanisms to attach the garage door to the garage door frame during the earthquake. This allows the strength of the door to be transferred to the frame which significantly enhances the strength of the garage door frame and may prevent the collapse of the garage structure.	1
According to another aspect of the invention, said feed vessel is filled with enough liquid/slurry to provide a hydrostatic pressure high enough prevent boiling due to an exothermic reaction between said burned lime and said soda liquor.	1
By an electromotor of "the quick response type" is meant an electromotor which may arrive at its full R.P.M. or may be stopped respectively within one thousandth or a few thousandths of a second. Such electromotors, which have a disc-shaped or bell-shaped armature, are generally used in data processing apparatus.	1
The present invention relates generally to an improved design and construction of slat base for window blinds, allowing add-on materials of various patterns and colors to be incorporated into the surface of slats, enhancing the aesthetic value of window blinds.	1
The animatronics system and method of certain preferred embodiments of the present invention utilize digital technology to form a lightweight and compact animatronics system having auto-tuning capabilities. The system further has a removable digital data storage device so that the show content can be replaced and interchanged easily.	1
Yet another embodiment of the invention is the growing management system within a distributed farm system so as to maximize nutrient delivery for concurrent harvest and then consumer consumption so as to eliminate post harvest loss of nutrients/flavor and maximization of nutrient delivery while minimizing growing cost on a normalized nutrient/flavor basis.	1
The stationary vanes are preferably positioned above said transverse axis so as to interact with only material that is back fed around the top of the beater. Furthermore the stationary vanes are preferably positioned rearward from said transverse axis so as to interact immediately with back fed material as soon as it fails to engage with the respective separating rotor on the first pass.	1
The invention relates generally to structures composed of log elements. Specifically, the invention relates to structures composed of cast log elements that provide enhanced appearance, structural integrity, insulative properties, and ease of assembly.	1
Furthermore, it has been observed that said ETP monoethanolamine salt Form D has a value of DSC onset, measured by DSC analysis, higher than other ETP monoethanolamine salt forms. This is evidence of the thermodynamic stability of the product.	1
The following description is provided to enable any person skilled in the art to make and use the invention and sets forth the best modes contemplated by the inventor of carrying out his invention. Various modifications, however, will remain readily apparent to those skilled in the art, since the general principles of the present invention have been defined herein specifically to provide lampholders which are particularly efficient in operation and easily manufactured and assembled.	1
The present invention utilizes a card fixer to assist a card to be fixed in a slot of an electronic device so that the card can be firmly inserted in the slot to avoid inconvenience of usage or damage of components due to moving the electronic device or pulling and dragging the cable connected to the electronic device by an external force.	1
Though not the primary object of the present invention, due to the surprising ability to distribute pressures with minimal encumbrance around the subject, embodiments of the invention are also able to reduce skin interface pressures and, hence, can also be used secondarily to prevent diseases and disorders caused by prolonged or excessive skin interface pressures. The distribution of pressure may also reduce skin interface pressures on areas of the soft tissue where compressive forces are otherwise concentrated and, hence, tend to cause partial or complete capillary collapse. Such capillary collapse may lead to pressure ulcers, pressure sores, skin breakdown, decubitus ulcers, or other pathophysiologic conditions. The force-distributing apparatus may thus be prophylactically affixed to the human in a manner to distribute pressure in an at-risk area to prevent such pathophysiology.	1
Such a method may provide a highly effective and efficient method for washing a load of laundry. The method described minimizes the amount of water necessary to wash the load and also eliminates the need for an outer tub which increases the cost and weight of the washing machine.	1
The use of the bleaching agent in accordance with the invention leads to a very good bleaching response, in other words to a very high bleaching effect. This can be utilized in several ways. For instance, only a minimum amount of bleaching agent need be added to achieve a given brightness. This results in low bleaching costs which, in turn, contribute towards keeping down the total pulp manufacturing costs. It also means that a given bleaching agent charge will result in a pulp of greater brightness than when employing conventional technology. A comparatively very high pulp brightness than when employing conventional technology. A comparative very high pulp brightness is achieved with a high bleaching agent charge, which can be desired in respect of the manufacture of certain types of paper. By further bleaching the pulp that has been manufactured in accordance with the invention, for instance with an oxidizing bleaching agent, it can be possible to manufacture a mechanical pulp that has a surprisingly high final brightness.	1
The utilization of cool gas, which preferably is supplied in the temperature range of between substantially 4.degree. and 20.degree. C, with the preferred temperature being substantially 10.degree. C, assures that the filament will be adequately cooled at that end of the filament plug which faces the outlet of the enclosed space or chamber, before it leaves the chamber. This means that the crimp in the filamentary material is much less successible to change as a result of the application of tensile forces upon the filamentary material, that if of forces which will necessarily develop when the filamentary material is directly withdrawn from the crimping chamber. Thus, the filamentary material can be directly withdrawn from the crimping chamber by suitable means, for instance engaging rollers or the like, contrary to what is known from the prior art. Moreover, such withdrawal can take place at constant speed, as does the supply of additional filamentary material into the chamber for crimping purposes, so that for all intents and purposes the quantity of filamentary material accommodated in the crimping chamber at any moment of time remains practically constant; this, in turn further assures an even and uniform crimping effect.	1
Summarizing, with fin extensions dimensioned and located in accordance with our invention, good tumbling is achieved over a wide range of clothes loads and at a variety of rotational speeds.	1
It is an object of the present invention to provide a fluidized bed furnace capable of stably obtaining a combustible gas even from waste comprising easily combustible trash.	1
The invention relates to a cigarette filter containing rosemary extract and a method of reducing DNA damage caused by harmful agents in cigarette smoke. More specifically, the present invention provides for the use of said filter to reduce DNA damage caused by benzo(a)pyrenes in human cells by the reduction of the human lung benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-dG (BPDE-dG) adduct.	1
One object of the present invention is to provide a low cost device structure with improved light extraction efficiency. In contrast to the prior art no changes are made in the basic semiconductor portion of a light emitting device, so that virtually all of current light emitting diodes or other light emitting device structures can employ the benefits of this invention. The invention improves light extraction from LEDs by providing a medium, as a coating material, that light can enter easily and can propagate through with minimum attenuation. Surfaces of the medium may be configured to facilitate light exiting into air or an encapsulant. Additionally, the invention improves light extraction by greatly increasing the surface area of the device.	1
The implementations described herein provide improvements over at least some known tank port fluid transfer hardware. As compared to at least some known tank ports with dedicated high-pressure fill/drain valves and vent valves, the bung plug extractor system described herein decreases a tank weight and cost by eliminating a need for on-board valve hardware. In addition, the bung plug extractor system described herein decreases a volume needed within the tank for components, and correspondingly increases a volume available for fluid storage for a given tank footprint. Accordingly, the described systems and methods facilitate a reduction in weight, cost, and component volume for each pressurized tank.	1
It is still further contemplated that the base, the cover, and the regulating plate may be provided with similar or different colors or surface indicia to impart varying aesthetic appearances. Further, a variation in color or surface indicia between one or more of the base, the cover, and the regulating plate may assist the user in properly aligning, securing, and/or operating various portions of the dispensers shown herein.	1
Advantageously, the multiple number of sleeve stacks are aligned in a manner parallel to the machine side. This facilitates the handling and loading of the sleeves from the sleeve stack. In addition, the installation space of the machine is reduced and the allocation of the single sleeve stacks to the individual machine sides is facilitated. Overall, this increases the capacity of the sleeve stacks, since they cling to the machine along the machine side, and thus a multiple number of sleeve stacks can be made available.	1
The set technical problem is solved by a key of the invention which is new in being provided with an oblong recess in its gripping section, said recess having a slider and the recess being designed as a guide of the slider; or a guide with a movable slider can be arranged in the recess. This construction meets a need for a reasonably priced product both for primary and subsequent installation. As plastics is intended to be used for production, it is obvious that each individual key can have colour coding in order for a quicker identification of a key in a bunch of keys.	1
As mentioned above, the actuators 3 are firmly fixed to the connection member 4 by using the bolts 6 . For the connection of the bolts 6 , the connection member 4 has a predetermined thickness. In the connection member 4 according to the present embodiment, the light-weight aluminum rings (the first ring member 51 and the second ring member 52 ) are used as the parts to which the actuators 3 are fastened. This and the use of the high tension steel plate for the main member 4 A allow for the enhancement of the strength and the reduction of the weight at the same time.	1
A further advantage of the processes can be seen in that the amount of fluoropolymer particles, fluorinated molecular weight oligomers, and if present fluorinated emulsifiers, may be reduced simultaneously.	1
The subsidiary reflector constructing the LED surface cover of the present invention has the configuration of (1) The subsidiary reflector has the reflection surface consisting of the tetrahedron having the apex disposed at the light-source side of the optical axis of the light emitted upward from the LED light source and has the reflection surface whose sectional surface in the optical axis direction is V-shaped at the apex disposed at the light-source side or (2) The subsidiary reflector has the reflection surface which consists of the tetrahedron having the apex on the optical axis of the light emitted upward from the LED light source. One sectional surface of the reflection surface in the optical axis direction is V-shaped at the apex. The sectional surface of the reflection surface in the direction intersecting with the V-shaped sectional surface is inverted V-shaped or (3) in the subsidiary reflector, the side surface of the reflection surface and/or a rear surface thereof have the predetermined curvature. Therefore the light emitted from the LED light source which is the point light source can be efficiently reflected on the reflection surface of the main reflector.	1
When a proper control key is inserted, the plug assembly 200 is positioned in the unlocked state and the control pin is in the first position. In this state, rotation of the plug 210 also causes rotation of the control member 130 due to the control pin extending into the control member cavity. Once the control member 130 is in the second angular position, the control lug 132 is positioned within the tower 103 , and the cylinder 100 can be removed from the cylinder housing in certain embodiments, the control pin may interact with sidemilling on the control key such that the position of the control pin is independent of the key top cut, thereby providing more security and control.	1
The tongue-and-groove interlocking system may be configured to provide a contact area across less than the width of the panel. The contact area is preferably provided adjacent to the front face of the panel. This achieves a tight join at the front face and eliminates a visible gap. It also increases tolerance for machining errors or variation. The system as a whole is designed to provide tolerance for walls which are not precisely planar but may be bowed or uneven to a certain extent. The tongue may be provided with a beveled edge, which allows the panel to be inserted at an angle.	1
A magazine pouch, according to an embodiment of the present invention, comprises a magazine housing, a shuttle and a retention element with a movable hook or engagement portion on a flexible arm or cantilevered leaf spring. The magazine housing defines a slot for receiving one end of magazine having a conventional magazine notch engagable by the magazine catch assembly of firearm to retain the magazine within the magazine well of the firearm. The slot is sized such that the opposite end of the magazine protrudes from the slot allowing individuals to grip the exposed end of the magazine and pull the magazine from the slot. In one embodiment, the pouch can comprise a main body having plurality of magazine housings each defining a slot for receiving a magazine. The shuttle can be positioned to engage the hook portion and flex the flexible arm to move the hook portion into the slot such that the hook portion engages the magazine notch. Similarly, the shuttle can be positioned to obstruct the hook portion preventing the flexible arm to move the hook portion out of engagement with the magazine. The engagement of the hook portion to magazine notch retains the magazine within the slot during movement of an individual wearing the magazine pouch. The retention element securely retains the magazine with the same mechanism employed by the firearm to secure the magazine in the magazine well of the firearm providing an equally effective means securing the magazine without requiring modification of the magazine.	1
The openings required for connecting the individual components of the cooling radiator are preferably produced in precise manner, by milling or laser machining, so that precise joining locations for microjoining can be achieved, preferably by means of laser welding, with a gas-tight or oil-tight connection.	1
Thus, the present invention offers the advantage that the latching portion 16 can be quickly disengaged from the engaging position C with the engaging device 27 of the needle bar, and that the latching portion 16 at the retreated position S can be quickly returned to the engaging position C with the engaging device 27 of the needle bar.	1
When tension is applied on the anchor rod 36 , in the upward direction for all the embodiments shown, a shear cone will develop at each of the shoulders on the vertical side surfaces of the anchor bodies. The side of the shear cone is 35 ° from the horizontal. The lower the shoulders are, the larger will the shear cones be, thereby providing a stronger anchorage.	1
The steel cord for rubber reinforcement according to the present invention exhibits an improved adhesive strength, in particular, an improved aging adhesive strength with rubber by an infinitesimal amount of cobalt existing in the top-surface of the alloy layer of the steel wire that forms the cord and the improved adhesive strength or aging adhesive strength is considerably higher than that obtained by a steel cord containing a high concentration of cobalt coated or alloyed by an existing method. Further, with the steel cord for rubber reinforcement according to the present invention, material costs can be reduced and environmental pollution can be suppressed.	1
As noted above, an advantage of the present invention is that the system and method can be used to produce SNG and electricity, while mitigating production of any greenhouse gasses. One technique used to mitigate greenhouse gasses production is to capture and convert carbon oxides (e.g., CO 2 ) to oxygen and solid carbon materials, which can be used as fuel in burner 104 , using bioreactor 114 .	1
Thus, in the process of the invention, the composition of polyoxy alkylene glycol moisture stabilizer and polyoxy ethylene-oxy propylene glycol block polymer is incorporated in the cellulosic fibrous material, in the course of which the block polymer both enhances the rate of absorption of the poly oxy alkylene glycol and also may enhance its moisture stabilizing effectiveness. After this, the sheet material is found to have good moisture stability.	1
A still further object of this invention is to provide a throat plate of the above character which is simple in design and inexpensive in production.	1
The production rate of inventive polyethylene composition may be conveniently controlled by adjusting the rate of catalyst composition injection, activator injection, or both. Since any change in the rate of catalyst composition injection will change the reaction rate and thus the rate at which heat is generated in the bed, the temperature of the recycle stream entering the reactor is adjusted to accommodate any change in the rate of heat generation. This ensures the maintenance of an essentially constant temperature in the bed. Complete instrumentation of both the fluidized bed and the recycle stream cooling system is, of course, useful to detect any temperature change in the bed so as to enable either the operator or a conventional automatic control system to make a suitable adjustment in the temperature of the recycle stream.	1
In a third aspect of the invention, the follower slides within a track at the side of the IG. Preferably, the follower is fabricated of a lubricious resin to provide an appropriate slip-stick interface between the two components 1) enabling the follower to move in response to the operator and 2) retaining the follower in a fixed vertical position when the pressure is removed. Further preferably, offset protrusions on the follower are used to further control surface contact between the followers and the track. Optionally, a lubricant may be used to improve the smoothness of operation.	1
As apparent from the above description, in accordance with the present invention, it is possible to effectively prevent sound level loss of a multi-channel audio signal by applying a downmix gain to a downmix signal generated in accordance with downmixing of the multi-channel audio signal, or by downmixing the multi-channel audio signal, after applying a downmix gain to the multi-channel audio signal.	1
Furthermore, it has been recognized that the arrangement in accordance with the present invention significantly reduces the thickness of the surfacing mat required to prevent projection of reinforcing mat fibers patterns to the surface of a laminated article and can be used in the manufacture of reinforced laminated articles of selected thickness.	1
Other objects are to provide a method, as described above, which is easily performed, at a minimum cost (including an allocated portion of dome cost, as well as the cost of dome installation labor), and in which the finished structure of each ceiling has an appearance of maximum smoothness, uniformity and apparent symmetry, suitable to be left exposed.	1
The products of this invention show the additional advantage that they may combine in one and the same product both cleansing capability and the transfer of active ingredients to the skin, i.e. the application of leave-on products. They further allow to independently optimize the cleansing and skincare attributes of the product and at the same time improve the delivery of skincare actives onto the skin. Hence, either of both aspects may be present in a larger extend, i.e. the product may be primarily for cleansing purposes but also having the capability of transferring beneficial components or active substances to the skin, or vice versa, the products may be designed for applications in instances where the primary benefit is not cleansing but a better and more convenient form of application of leave-on products.	1
It is yet a further object of the invention to provide a hand weaving loom which may be operated with warp and weft threads in the form of elastic elongated loops. These loops facilitate the manual operation of the loom and consequently make the loom specially adapted for use as a therapeutic device for operation by a person having limited use of his hands.	1
The above objectives are achieved by the instant invention by means of a process of making an expanded PTFE fiber of round cross section and with a smooth outer surface, where this fiber is twisted and heated to elevated temperatures, while stretching the PTFE fiber. The final fiber presents low shrinkage, low elongation at maximum stress and high tensile strength.	1
Finally, in another aspect, the present invention relates to a method for sealing a wellbore, the wellbore having a pipe therein for the passage of fluid therethrough. The method involves positioning a BOP about the pipe, the BOP having a seal assembly therein comprising a plurality of blocks, each of the blocks having a pipe seal therein; selectively moving the blocks to a contact position surrounding the pipe of the wellbore; and creating a seal about the pipe of the wellbore by selectively extending the pipe seals from the blocks and into sealing engagement about the pipe after the blocks are moved into the contact position such that the plurality of pipe seals is prevented from extending between the blocks as the blocks are moved to the contact position.	1
The composition and method of the invention will be valuable to produce high quality (i.e., high purity) coke from crude that may originally have contained high concentrations of metals and/or amines and solids, including iron-based solids. Further, the invention advances the technology by removing inorganic material from the crude oil without discharging any oil or emulsion to the waste treatment plant.	1
By activating the pre-heating mode in response to the future behavior predicted by the prediction unit, the point in time at which the item is ready will be even better aligned with the desire of the recipient since the heating mode will require less time as a result.	1
Thus, by performing MRF segmentation according to the present invention, GGNs in medical images are accurately and quickly distinguished from background information by assigning labels to their associated voxels, thereby enabling GGNs to be visualized by a medical expert for diagnosing and evaluating certain lung ailments.	1
According to a preferred embodiment, in an idle driving mode in case of the uphill position of the motor vehicle the forward gear is maintained in engagement, and in the downhill position of the motor vehicle, instead of the forward gear the reverse gear is maintained in engagement. If for instance starting from the idle driving mode a forward driving mode is chosen in the uphill position by the driver of the motor vehicle for starting up in an uphill and forward direction, the forward gear is already engaged so that only one clutch has to be closed for transmitting the torque from the motor of the vehicle to the driving wheels of the motor vehicle. Therefore, an undesired rollback action in case of starting on a hill in a forward direction can be reduced or entirely avoided.	1
It is another object of the invention to provide a control interface which may be bypassed if the developer chooses to work directly with CSTA for certain functions.	1
Another object of the invention is to provide a challenging billiard game that includes strategy on the placement of the object balls, challenges a player's billiard skills, build confidence to make five shots in a row, and create readiness for ball in hand.	1
An advantage of the present high reaching pruning apparatus is that the present high reaching pruning apparatus may have a foot brace for stabilizing the apparatus during use.	1
The intumescent strip described herein can be affixed to the edges of a fire door and is expandable in a primary direction in order to create a gas seal between a fire door and a surrounding door frame, and a secondary direction to cover, and provide some thermal protection to, adjacent portions of the fire door and/or door frame. The intumescent strip includes two strips of non-intumescent material sandwiching an intumescent layer.	1
In this context, the invention aims to propose a shelter making it possible, from a structure with a skeleton configured in a pantograph allowing the deployment and folding of the shelter, to obtain an incline of the slope of the cover element.	1
It is yet another aspect of the present invention to provide a camera carrying case with improved access features. For example, in one embodiment, a backpack-style bag is provided that comprises unique and novel opening and access features. Improved access features of the present invention include, for example, a hinge feature which allows a bag to “crack” or fold open, thereby revealing a significant portion of the bags internal contents while also allowing for various components and accessories that may be housed or secured to an outside of the bag to remain in their stored position.	1
The example diaphragm actuators disclosed herein enable adjustment of diaphragm actuation forces with an internally positioned adjustment spring. More specifically, the example apparatus described herein eliminate the need for force adjustments through diaphragm and/or spring replacements, thereby allowing adjustment of the actuation force in the field and/or in a manufacturing setting without exposing the adjustment spring to external conditions, for example. Additionally, the examples disclosed also enable field adjustment to compensate for performance shift (e.g., performance drift, performance variation, etc.) of the example diaphragm actuators. As a result, the examples disclosed herein eliminate the need to stock and/or inventory numerous different springs and/or diaphragms to accommodate different applications, thereby potentially improving profit margins and/or supply chain flexibility. The examples described herein may improve reliability and/or useful life of the adjustment spring by internally positioning the adjustment spring. Reducing the number of unique components by combining multiple configurations into a single Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) reduces inventory complexity and simplifies part number management and Bill of Materials (BOM) tracking. Reductions in SKUs also allows reduction of spare part inventories and complex supply chain management of numerous configurations. Additionally, the examples disclosed herein allow spring load force applied to a diaphragm to be reduced prior to disassembly of the diaphragm actuator to reduce potential exposure of service and/or maintenance staff to a spring under load.	1
In some examples, the slot tapers from the first width to the second, narrower width, and then ends in a widened end having a width that is wider than the second width. For instance, the first width and the width of the widened end can be wider than or equal to a diameter of a fastener that the slot is configured to receive. With this arrangement, the widened end provides a final maximum displacement position for the fastener, and provides stress relief at the end of the slot. Hence, the widened end can help avoid structural failure of the bracket at the end of the slot.	1
Additional damage which is common are walls are pulled in on fiberglass pool bodies 15 , plumbing and electrical systems are damaged and expensive concreate or decks around pools are damaged if the pool “floats” or “pops” out of the ground. The repair costs associated with floating a pool is prohibitive. To avoid potential catastrophic damage to fiberglass pools a groundwater heave protection device 300 has been developed. The device 300 may be implemented into the floor of the fiberglass pool body 15 so as to provide a structural weakness in the pool bottom 23 that will fail before the groundwater pressure is sufficient to “pop” or “float” the pool body 15 out of the ground. The device 300 may be molded and formed into the fiberglass pool floor 23 as a unitary piece or may be inserted into the fiberglass floor 23 during the manufacturing process. Likewise, such a stress-riser device 300 may be incorporated into concrete pool bodies 15 . The device 300 creates a stress concentration or stress riser or otherwise weakened area in the floor 23 of the fiberglass pool body 15 , such that hydrostatic or buoyancy forces preferentially split the pool body 15 at the stress-riser device 300 , allowing water to enter the pool body 15 to relieve the hydrostatic forces on the pool body 15 , causing only localized and easily repairable damage to the pool body 15 in the process. In other words, the pressure from groundwater accumulation will crack open the insert or molded in stress riser 300 and allow groundwater to pour into the pool instead of causing catastrophic damage to the pool and/or its surroundings. The pool body 15 includes a stress riser 300 , typically an area of thinned material so the water pressure rips or separates the pool floor 23 at the thinned material 300 and opens to allow water to flow into the pool, relieving the pressure and adding mass to the pool contents. The location and size of the molded stress riser or device is a function of the shape and size of the pool. When groundwater pressure cracks the groundwater heave protection device 300 it does damage to pool floor 23 in a very small, restricted, and predetermined area which is easily repaired. The split in the floor 23 is typically repaired by grinding, glassing over the split and/or applying gel coat. This repair is done simply and is very inexpensive compared to repairing a floated pool.	1
In another embodiment, a method of treating injury by delivering an agent and whole glucan particles to the site of injury is described. The method enhances committed stem cell proliferation by administering to an individual with an injury, an agent and whole glucan particles. The whole glucan particles enhance glucan-mediated committed stem proliferation and the agent enhances injury recovery. The agent can be a drug that produces a pharmacologic response at the site of injury. Suitable agents include, but are not limited to, proteins, peptides, hormones, vaccines, antiallergens, steroids, cardioactive agents, nucleic acids, and growth factors.	1
The DFF AF system synergistically combines the two basic methods of focus error detection into a single AF component that increases the accuracy and reliability of the commonly used AF systems of FIGS. 1 and 2 in both point and shoot and SLR cameras. This is a fundamental expectation because the combined principles used in DFF AF are supportive and synergistic in the sense that for certain objects/object illumination conditions where one system is weak, the other may be strong, and vice versa.	1
Therefore, in the endoscope 1 of the present modification also, it is possible to prevent the bending operation lever 21 from being shifted when the suction button 24 is pressed down for a suction operation, prevent the distal end portion 6 from being shifted by the bending portion 7 moving, and keep the state of being fixed in a desired field of view direction.	1
In a featured embodiment, a gas turbine engine has a compressor, a fan for delivering air into the compressor and into a bypass duct, a combustion section and a turbine section. A control for the gas turbine engine is programmed to change a fueling level and position at least one effector that may be moved to unique positions in a coordinated fashion upon receipt of a command to change thrust, such that the thrust provided by the engine is changed without a reduction in loss of an airflow stability margin compared to a thrust change commanded only by a fueling change, and with some aspects of the positioning being transitory.	1
The present invention further provides another novel method of controlling a liquid ejection head. In one embodiment, another novel method of controlling a liquid ejection head controls a liquid ejection head including a liquid pressurizing chamber, nozzles communicating with the liquid pressurizing chamber, and a pressure generating device that generates pressure in the liquid pressurizing chamber based on a drive waveform. The method includes generating a preliminary ejection drive waveform for a first high-viscosity ink droplet ejection group with a predetermined number of successive drive pulses aligned in descending order of length of drive pulse intervals of the drive pulses, with each of the drive pulse intervals set to an integral multiple of a natural vibration period of the liquid pressurizing chamber, generating a preliminary ejection drive waveform for a high-viscosity ink droplet ejection group subsequent to the first high-viscosity ink droplet ejection group with drive pulses having the same drive pulse interval set to the natural vibration period of the liquid pressurizing chamber, and applying the generated preliminary ejection drive waveforms to the pressure generating device to cause the liquid ejection head to intermittently perform a preliminary ejecting operation with the high-viscosity ink droplet ejection groups, each with an arbitrary number of ejection droplets.	1
The plate construction is simple and inexpensive, with the improved results coming from the space formed by depressing the surface of the protective layer within the tray, thus unexpectedly providing an increased resistance to drill penetration by reducing the thickness of the drill proof material.	1
In an exemplary embodiment of the inventive concept, a dimension of each of the first and second vias may have a minimum critical dimension of a semiconductor device that includes the fuse structure.	1
In the method of manufacturing the display device according to the exemplary embodiment of the present invention, since the top light emitting area and the bottom light emitting area are simultaneously formed on one substrate, and a first pixel electrode of the bottom light emitting area may be formed to be thicker, efficiency of an electrode increases, and a manufacturing process thereof may be simplified.	1
Some embodiments may have one or more loops of a material (e.g., elastic, fabric, etc.) attached to the garment. Each loop may be designed to secure a portion of a breast pump in place (e.g., a loop to hook or fit around a breast shield to aid in the support of the breast pump body and milk container for pumping milk).	1
As described above, according to the invention, the FRP bearing deck module is draw-formed under state that the FRP shear connector is integrally provided to the upper surface of the FRP bearing deck module constituting the FRP deck panel. Accordingly, contrary to the prior art, a troublesome work is not necessary where a separate shear connector should be later equipped to the FRP deck panel.	1
In accordance with one aspect of the invention, a hydraulic crimping tool crimping die is provided including a first section adapted to be removably connected to a die mounting area of a hydraulic crimping tool, and a second section forming a crimping surface adapted to crimp a connector onto a conductor. The crimping die comprises an electrically non-conductive material adapted to prevent electrical arcing with the crimping die.	1
In an advantageous design of the invention, the sleeve transport device is a conveyor belt arranged in a stationary manner along the cross-winding devices and/or a maintenance device that can be moved along the cross-winding devices. In particular, the conveyor belt is a cost-effective sleeve transport device. In particular, the use of a conveyor belt enables a rapid and reliable feeding of the sleeves to the intermediate storage device or the requesting work station. In other designs, it is also possible that a movable maintenance device removes the sleeves from the sleeve stack and takes them to the corresponding sleeve storage device in order to store them there on an intermediate basis. This is particularly advantageous if the maintenance device has periods of time in which no maintenance is required. Such maintenance-free times can be used to fill the sleeve storage devices.	1
One aspect of the present concept includes a food processing machine having a base and a cylindrical jar lock extending upwardly from a top surface of the base. A jar assembly has a jar and a collar that extends downwardly from the jar. The collar is adapted to fit circumferentially around the cylindrical jar lock. A plurality of locking tabs extend radially inwardly from the collar. The locking tabs engage with the cylindrical jar lock and prevent vertical movement of the jar with respect to the cylindrical jar lock while allowing rotational movement of the jar and linear movement of the jar with respect to the base in the xy-plane.	1
Another object of the present invention is to provide an improved incinerator effective in removing fly ash from the combustion gases produced thereby, which is comparatively inexpensive to construct and economical to operate.	1
If the iron accidentally falls or is tipped over, the inner padded layer and the outer padded layer provide protection to the environment, and to people who may be nearby, from both the heat of the iron, and its weight. Further, water is prevented from spilling into the environment from the clothing iron by the connection of the water reservoir to the water fill opening of the clothing iron. Spilled water collects within the reservoir and may be released through the port.	1
It would further be advantageous to provide a tissue supporting device with different beneficial agents provided in different holes to achieve a desired different release kinetic for two different beneficial agents from the same device.	1
Fore and hind articulating support elements 40 and 42 , respectively, provide rigidity in the fore legs and neck, and rear leas and tail. For the embodiment shown, the articulating support elements are Y shaped members having multiple cup and ball joints 44 (seen best in FIGS. 3 and 4. The fore articulating support element extends into the fore legs with leg sections 46 and into the neck of the dog with upper section 48 . The cup and ball joints in the leg sections allow the fore legs to be positioned as desired by the wearer in a curled or forward position simulating the god lying down or in a straight position for a standing dog. The upper section of the support element positions the head of the dog in an upright or lowered position.	1
As equipment on the solution side, there are a solution pump 205 for feeding the concentrated solution in the generator G to the high-temperature absorber A 2 , a concentrated solution pipe 206 , a dilute solution pipe 215 , a medium-concentration dilute solution pipe 214 , a first pressure reducing valve 216 , a second pressure reducing valve 226 , a first hot water pipe 203 disposed in the generator G, a control valve 228 disposed in the first hot water pipe 203 at a position near the inlet thereof, a second hot water pipe 204 disposed in the high-temperature absorber A 2 , a temperature sensor 229 disposed in the second hot water pipe 204 at a position near the outlet thereof for detecting the outlet temperature of the second hot water pipe 204 , a liquid level sensor 227 for detecting the liquid level in the low-temperature absorber A 1 , a first spray 224 opening in the low-temperature absorber A 1 , and a second spray 223 opening in the high-temperature absorber A 2 .	0
It is a principal object and advantage of the present invention to provide a method for forming biomedical surfaces having nanoscale topography that is electrochemical.	0
FIG. 9 shows a flowchart of a method 900 for generating a display signal for a navigation device for a movable object according to an exemplary embodiment. Method 900 includes receipt 910 of data of a three-dimensional navigation map having towering map objects of an area surrounding a movable object based on an ascertained position of the movable object. Method 900 also includes generation 920 of a display signal representing the navigation map, so that the navigation map is viewed from a view position that is located above the navigation map and is a function of the ascertained position of the movable object. In this context, a height of a towering object in the navigation map is altered dynamically as a function of a distance of the towering object to the view position. In addition, method 900 includes provision 930 of the display signal representing the navigation map for a display device for the reproduction of the navigation map.	0
This application is a division of U.S. application Ser. No. 12/227,872, filed on Dec. 1, 2008, which is the national stage of International Application No. PCT/CA2007/000895, filed on May 23, 2007, which claims the benefit of U.S. Provisional Patent Application Ser. No. 60/809,850 filed Jun. 1, 2006, the disclosure of each of which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety.	0
The largest diameter of the tip 46 of the peg 44 is less than the diameter of the blister. This prevents the peg 44 engaging the blister directly over its circumferential side wall (referenced 50 in FIG. 8). It has been found that, if a collapsing force is exerted over an area large enough to include the side wall, the wall provides very effective resistance to the desired collapse of the blister. Thus, having a smaller peg avoids the problem of the blister presenting too much resistance to the collapsing force.	0
FIG. 20 is an exterior perspective view showing a ball clip according to a modification.	0
For efficiency, SimpleOS also allows a transformation to express a “clipped” tree instead of the complete definition of a new object. In the clipped tree model, the result of a template transformation is a partial list of updates that are selectively folded back into the object. A clipped tree is not a sub-tree. It faithfully follows the root-to-node structure and naming of the elements within the object. However, the clipped tree can be sparse—it does not have to include unaffected siblings or sub-trees. Every node in the clipped tree must have an expressed path to the root, but only the nodes that must be updated, changed or deleted need to be in the clipped tree itself.	0
UV (10 mM phosphate buffer pH 7.0): λmax=298 nm (ε=7.6×10 3 ), 226 nm (ε=7.0×10 3 ), λmin=247 nm, 211 nm.	0
It is preferable that the thermoplastic composite material does not contain any of the above described surfactant. Examples of the surfactant include those recited as examples of the high molecular dispersant and the emulsifier described above. Herein, the expression “does not contain” means that the content of the surfactant in 100% by mass of the thermoplastic composite material is 0.5% by mass or less. The content of the surfactant can be measured by a common mass spectrometry, for example, a nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) method, or a gas chromatograph mass spectrometry (GC-MS) method, or can be calculated from the content of the thermoplastic resin in the emulsion before impregnation.	0
Those of ordinary skill in the art will recognize that a large variety of possible moieties can be coupled to the resultant antibodies or to other molecules of the invention. See, for example, “Conjugate Vaccines”, Contributions to Microbiology and Immunology, J. M. Cruse and R. E. Lewis, Jr (eds), Carger Press, N.Y., (1989), the entire contents of which are incorporated herein by reference.	0
FIG. 10A illustrates the main spacer or mid-brace element 56 for the metal frame 22. FIG. 10B shows the stop plate 96 on the queen carriage 24 in FIG. 1. FIG. 11 depicts the left side support or the extending side rail 16 of the base frame 14 shown in FIG. 1. FIGS. 12A and 12B show, respectively, a side view and a top view of the top left rail 94 with an aperture 64 on the left for the stop plate 96 of FIG. 5. FIGS. 13A and 13B show, respectively, top and side views of one of the pair of bottom rails 92 supporting the queen plate 90 of FIG. 5. FIGS. 14A and 14B illustrate a side view and a top view, respectively, of one of a pair of bottom rails for the king plate 82 which are shorter in length than the bottom rails 92 of the queen plate 90. In FIG. 15, one pair of the upright roller support element 28 is shown with the flanges 66 separated for inclusion of the In FIGS. 16A, 16B and 16C, a system of increasing the lengths of the rubber or plastic rollers on metal tubes 106 to accommodate the quilting of blankets for a regular size bed, a queen size bed or a king size is illustrated. The larger queen size bed blanket is accommodated by inserting the queen extension roller 108 (FIG. 16B) and its exposed insert portion 106 into one end of the main regular size bed roller 110 (FIG. 16A). If a king size bed blanket is to be stitched, the king extension roller 112 is added to the queen extension roller 108 via its insert portion 106. The apertures 64 provide securement of each roller segment by pins (not shown here). The metal frame must be enlarged to accommodate the increased roller lengths.	0
Ser Pro His Lys Val Ala Ile Ile Ile Leu Phe Arg Asn Arg Gln Glu	0
In an analysis of the energy transfer of a marine vibrator, the system including the vibrator and the water may be approximated as a baffled piston. The radiation impedance R r of a baffled piston can be expressed as:	0
In some disclosed examples, a method includes controlling, via a valve controller, a position of a first valve and a position of a second valve based on a coordinated control signal received by the valve controller. In some disclosed examples, the valve controller is operatively coupled to the first valve and the second valve. In some disclosed examples, the second valve is operatively positioned in series with the first valve.	0
Said detector comprises an antenna for picking up a change in electromagnetic field around the card reader; a sensor for decoding the signal received by the antenna; and a control board that receives the information decoded by the sensor, evaluates the occurrence and sending an eventual alert of fraud occurrence, for example, with the suspension of the operation of the machine, turning off the image or placing it into maintenance mode.	0
The laminate obtained by step A1 comprises the first base film and the polarizing film, in which the thickness of the laminate varies according to the thickness of the first base film to be used, but is preferably 21 μm to 90 μm.	0
TABLE 32 Declaring List Variables &#x3c;sqml:list id=“list_pizzaImages”> &#x3c;sqml:list-element>thincrust.gif&#x3c;/sqml:list-element> &#x3c;sqml:list-element>thickcrust.gif&#x3c;/sqml:list-element> &#x3c;sqml:list-element>deepdish.gif&#x3c;/sqml:list-element> &#x3c;/sqml:list>	0
The following plate 130 (FIGS. 5A-5B) also comprises openings 132 , 134 , 136 and 138 that align with the openings 112 / 122 , 114 / 124 , 116 / 126 , and 118 / 128 in the upstream plates 110 / 120 . The upstream surface of the plate 130 additionally includes a rim 133 and a groove 137 . The rim 133 surrounds the central opening 132 , and the groove 137 peninsulas inward from the first-fuel-circuit opening 136 and surrounds the rim 133 .	0
In an embodiment of the heated aerosol-generating article, one or more of the following features may be used:	0
The various aspects summarized previously may be embodied in various forms. The following description shows by way of illustration various examples in which the aspects may be practiced. It is understood that other examples may be utilized, and that structural and functional modifications may be made, without departing from the scope of the present disclosure.	0
One aspect of the present invention is directed to the production of ammonia using the manufactured low-cost, high-purity hydrogen gas and nitrogen gas from the air separation plant as reactants. One of the important aspects of the method according to the present invention is the in-situ manufacture of large quantities of H 2 at a relatively low cost. It is believed that one of the primary hindrances to the methods disclosed in the prior art for the production of ammonia is the need for large volumes of H 2 gas and the high cost associated with the H 2 gas. According to the present invention, high volumes of hydrogen gas can be economically generated in-situ.	0
In some embodiments there is provided a method of treatment of a sensitive skin condition on a topical body area on a subject in need thereof by: a. applying a honey or honey analogue based composition with type II arabinogalactan (AG) removed from the honey or analogue:	0
In addition, in a preferred embodiment, the metal underlayer is comprised of a conductive metal such as gold. Using the methods described herein, the nanotube is able to grow from one metal underlayer platform to another such platform. The nanotube is thereby connected at both ends to a conductive material and forms a nanotube electrode without the need for a post nanotube formation processing step.	0
The present invention relates to a hand tool, and more particularly to an air file that has a simple structure and the advantage of energy conservation.	0
It is thus one object of the invention to provide a simple method of fabricating a versatile p-n junction.	0
FIG. 9 illustrates a method 900 of producing petroleum from an earth formation. The method 900 includes one or more stages 901 - 904 . In one embodiment, the method 900 includes the execution of all of stages 901 - 904 in the order described. However, certain stages may be omitted, stages may be added, or the order of the stages changed. Although the method 900 is described in conjunction with the injection and production assemblies described herein, the method 900 may be utilized in conjunction with any production system to regulate thermal characteristics of material produced from an earth formation.	0
Pro Asp Lys Ala Thr Thr Pro Asn Pro Thr Thr Asn Ala Gly Leu Leu	0
In this embodiment, in the frost restriction mode, the control device 60 adjusts the flow rate of the coolant flowing through the cooler core 16 in such a way that the temperature TC, which is related to the temperature of the blast air cooled in the cooler core 16 , approaches the first target temperature TCO. The compressor control unit 60 d adjusts the flow rate of the refrigerant discharged from the compressor 22 in such a way that the temperatures related to the blow-out air temperatures TH and TAV approach the second target temperatures THO and TAO.	0
FIG. 2 is a schematic representation of a software flow chart of one method according to the present invention.	0
Asp Tyr Asp Tyr Thr Cys Phe Val Phe Ser Asp Val Asp Leu Ile Pro	0
The system control ( 30 ) can further adjust the water flow through the heating-control storage tank ( 20 ) controllable valve ( 32 ), so that the temperature of the mixed hot water, as measured by the temperature sensor ( 47 ) installed on the hot-water supply pipe, reaches a proper level for satisfactory hot water services.	0
Setting the potential VPL of the plate line PL (the potential of the second terminal TFe 2 of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe) to Vh at timing u 5 creates a positive voltage across the terminals of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe. The polarization state shifts from point q 4 to point q 5 , which is disposed at the intersection of the hysteresis characteristic with the capacitive load line for VPL=Vh. If ‘0’ information is stored as in FIG. 5A, point q 4 is disposed near the saturation polarization hysteresis curve on the −P side, so the locus of the state transition from point q 4 to point q 5 does not pass through point q 2 but follows the saturation polarization hysteresis curve on the −P side.	0
As illustrated in FIG. 7, pimecrolimus is provided in the stent for directional delivery to the mural side of the stent by the use of a barrier 712 at the luminal side of the hole. The barrier 712 is formed by a biodegradable polymer. The pimecrolimus is loaded within the holes in a manner which creates a release kinetics having dual phases. A first phase of the release of pimecrolimus is provided by a murally located region 716 of the matrix which has a fast release formulation including pimecrolimus and biodegradable polymer (PLGA) with a high percentage of drug, such as about 90 percent drug to about 10 percent polymer. A second phase of the release is provided by a central region 714 of the matrix with pimecrolimus and biodegradable polymer (PLGA) in a ratio of about 50 percent drug to 50 percent polymer. As may be seen on the graph of FIG. 8, the first phase of the pimecrolimus release delivers about 50 percent of the loaded drug in about the first 24 hours. The second phase of the release delivers the remaining 50 percent over about two weeks. This release is specifically programmed to match the progression of the inflammatory process following angioplasty and stenting. In addition to or as an alternative to changing the drug concentration between the two regions to achieve the two phase release, different polymers or different comonomer ratios of the same polymer may be used in two drug different regions to achieve the two different release rates.	0
Other solvents for the cellulose acylate solution and film according to the invention and dissolution methods therefore are disclosed in the following patents which are preferred embodiments: for example, JP-A-2000-95876, JP-A-12-95877, JP-A-10-324774, JP-A-08-152514, JP-A-10-330538, JP-A-09-95538, JP-A-09-95557, JP-A-10-235664, JP-A-12-63534, JP-A-11-21379, JP-A-10-182853, JP-A-10-278056. JP-A-10-279702, JP-A-10-323853, JP-A-10-237816, JP-A-11-60307, JP-A-11-152342, JP-A-11-292988, JP-A-11-60752 and so on. According to these patents, not only preferable solvents for the cellulose acylate of the invention but also solution properties thereof and substances to coexist are reported, thereby presenting preferred embodiments of the invention.	0
FIG. 16 is included to show how a pin 102 extends through a link 104 and into a bracket such as 96 , 98 or 100 .	0
In this embodiment, the second metal pillar 30 may be reflowed for use as an external connection terminal, in cases where the pitch between the several electrode pads 14 formed on the one side of the semiconductor chip 12 is small, and where a low bump height is required.	0
The first valve 32 ″ replaces the first valve 32 of the first embodiment. Like the first valve 32 of the first embodiment, the first valve 32 ″ is configured to switch operation of the heat pump system 212 between operation in a cooling mode (FIG. 9) and a heating mode (FIG. 10). The first valve 32 ″ is fluidly connected to the outlet side 42 of the compressor 30 . The first valve 32 ″ is operable to direct the flow of refrigerant from the compressor 30 to either one of the cooling circuit 34 ″ and the heating circuit 36 ″. Additionally, the first valve 32 ″ is fluidly coupled to an accumulator 110 , as shown in FIGS. 9 and 10, and described below. The accumulator 110 is basically a small tank that serves as a reservoir for refrigerant drawn out of the modified cooling circuit 34 ″ when the heat pump system 212 is operating in the heating mode, and for refrigerant drawn out of the modified heating circuit 36 ″ when the heat pump system 212 is operating in the cooling mode.	0
In manufacturing the chip resistor 102 of this embodiment, a lead frame is used as the electrically conductive member 701 , and a resistive frame is used as the resistive member 702 . Thus, it is not necessary to individually hold a plurality of conductive elongated boards 711 or a plurality of resistive elongated boards 721 , which facilitates handling.	0
This invention was made with Government support under DOE Contract No. DE-FC26-06NT42759 awarded by the Department of Energy. The Government has certain rights in this invention.	0
In still a further aspect there is provided the use of a product as described herein as a cleansing tool, in particular in personal care applications.	0
Advantageously, additional fixing and/or guidance of the clothing strip in the horizontal plane is provided. For example, the clothing strips may be held mechanically by means of ridges. Advantageously, two ridges are present at the longitudinal sides and/or two ridges are present at the transverse sides.	0
A liquid-crystal display 15 is provided on a front of the pillar 12 and formed into a vertically long rectangular shape. The display 15 displays images of various items including a plurality of types of patterns, commands to execute various functions and various types of messages. A touch panel 26 is mounted on a front of the display 15 . The touch panel 26 is transparent so that a user can view a screen of the display 15 therethrough. When an item is displayed on the display 15 , the user touches a part of the touch panel 26 corresponding to the displayed item with his/her finger or a dedicated touch pen, so that the user can select a pattern to be sewn or a command to be executed.	0
FIG. 5A depicts a side sectional view of a follower interface channel in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention.	0
The above IL-6 antagonist is preferably an antibody against IL-6 receptor, preferably a monoclonal antibody against human IL-6 receptor or a monoclonal antibody against mouse IL-6 receptor. As the above monoclonal antibody against human IL-6 receptor, there can be illustrated PM-1 antibody, and as the above monoclonal antibody against mouse IL-6 receptor, there can be illustrated MR16-1 antibody. The above antibody is preferably a chimeric antibody, humanized antibody or a human antibody, for example a humanized PM-1 antibody.	0
A conductive ring 112 is attached to an end portion of the optical waveguide 102 and contacts the outer surface of the insulation base 110 and also contacts a metal film 101 formed of a conductive material on the outer surface of the optical waveguide 102 . An electron beam acceleration power source is connected to this conductive ring 112 for supplying electrons to be emitted from the electron gun cathode 104 via the holder 103 .	0
When the amount of decrease in the engine coolant temperature per unit time exceeds a predetermined amount in the engine heat-absorbing heat pump mode, the coolant flow mode may be switched to the outside air heat-absorbing heat pump mode.	0
The printer 1 then determines if the remaining ink level R is effectively zero, and thus monitors if the ink cartridge 210 is effectively empty (R=0) (S 19 ). If the ink cartridge is not empty (S 19 returns No), the printer 1 terminates the remaining ink level management process and repeats this process from step S 11 at a specific time.	0
The illumination selection circuitry 908 may also be configured to determine 1606 a selected set of illumination characteristics. The selected set of illumination characteristics may be the set of illumination characteristics that yielded a window image having highest quality among the plurality of window images.	0
At this time, the inside of the wet drawing bath 1 is filled with wet lubricant 5 , and one die 3 is installed on each route of the brass-plated steel wire W between each pair of corresponding stages of the drawing cones 2 A and 2 B. Thus, while passing through respective stages of the drawing cones, the brass-plated steel wire W passes through the dies 3 and the final die 4 so that the brass-plated steel wire W is drawn to gradually reduce the diameter of the brass-plated steel wire W.	0
FIG. 3 is a top view of a part of a needle bar with the guide needles attached to said bar in actual size, and wherein the parts, lying one on top of the other, have been broken away at varying lengths.	0
In block 435 , the proton therapy system delivers protons according to a selected proton treatment plan. In some implementations, the proton therapy system automatically selects the proton treatment plan according to desired, defined, default, or selected criteria. For example, the system can automatically select the proton treatment plan that delivers the maximum dose to the target volume while the maximum dose to any organ at risk is below a defined threshold. As another example, the system can automatically select the proton treatment plan that delivers a dose to one or more organs at risk that is below a threshold dose while the minimum dose to the target volume exceeds a defined threshold. In some implementations, the proton therapy system selects a proton treatment plan based at least in part on input from a user. For example, the proton therapy system can present to a user treatment plans from which the user can make a selection.	0
An alternative embodiment of the present invention is to implement a threaded member in the post such that the threaded member engages with threads with the floor to prevent unwanted removal of the post, yet are easily removable for cleaning, re-routing or other reasons for moving the post.	0
The results were highly compelling in that the rate of cytokine production decreased by approximately 40% in samples that had been heated. This result shows that the compound(s) responsible for the observed pro-inflammatory response are somewhat heat sensitive but have some resistance to heat as well in view of this observation, compound(s) were identified as not being more sensitive protein or enzymatic actives but instead more likely to be one or more larger chemical compounds that are at least in part chemically modified by heat.	0
Examples of coiled tubing injectors include those shown and described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,309,990, 6,059,029, and 6,173,769, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.	0
Although specific processes are described above with respect to displaying dive device data, any of a variety of techniques can be utilized to generate display data from dive device data as appropriate to the requirements of specific applications in accordance with embodiments of the invention.	0
A single-particle tracking (SPT), computer-enhanced video microscopy method may be used to track the motion of proteins or lipids on, for example, a cell surface. Individual molecules or small clusters may be observed with a typical spatial resolution of tens of nanometers and a typical time resolution of tens of milliseconds. This method was used to measure the motion of membrane components and resolve modes of motion of individual molecules. Of particular and notable comment, the use of the SPT technique demonstrated that motion in the membrane is not limited to pure diffusion. By analyzing trajectories of individual molecules, several modes of motion have been observed: immobile, directed, confined, tethered, normal diffusion, and anomalous diffusion.	0
FIG. 5A through FIG. 5D are screen diagrams of windows in a graphical user interface (GUI) that allow a user to transform CAD files into coded files and to search for similar coded files, according to one implementation.	0
FIG. 1 is a cross sectional view, partially cutaway, illustrating the interior of a conventional washing and drying machine;	0
FIG. 14 is a perspective view of internal component parts of the magazine loading device, showing a round of ammunition above the orientation gate.	0
In addition to the examples that are be given below, the following chart illustrates some of the useful two drug combination therapies which may be achieved by placing the drugs into different openings in the medical device.	0
Example embodiments described herein have innovative features, no single one of which is indispensable or solely responsible for their desirable attributes. Without limiting the scope of the claims, some of the advantageous features will now be summarized.	0
According to another alternative embodiment, the method of manufacturing the implant further includes the step of designing a rim to achieve a desired structure, combining it with the microporous endplates and the optimized lattice body, with or without the instrument engagement feature, exporting the final device components as a .STL file and preparing to build the implant with a 3D printing machine.	0
Each of the rotation motion units 150 may include first and second connection links 156 and 157 .	0
Distal sheath proximal section 49 could take the form of a tubular slotted element or a pre-shaped curve that utilizes a memory material such as Nitinol or any other material exhibiting suitable properties. In some embodiments outer diameter of distal sheath proximal section 49 is between 0.02 inches and 0.2 inches. In certain embodiments, the outer diameter is between 0.05 inches and 0.1 inches, or between 0.06 inches and 0.075 inches. In some embodiments, the inner diameter of distal sheath proximal section 49 is between 0.02 inches and 0.2 inches. In certain embodiments, the inner diameter is between 0.03 inches and 0.08 inches or between 0.05 inches and 0.07 inches. In several embodiments, the length of distal sheath proximal section 49 may measures between 0.1 inches and 2.5 inches. In some embodiments, the length of distal sheath proximal section 49 may measure between about 0.50 inches and 1 inch or between 0.6 inches and 0.8 inches. In certain embodiments, the length of distal sheath proximal section 49 may be longer than 2.5 inches. It is understood that these sizes and proportions will vary depending on the specific application and those listed herein are not intended to be limiting. Transverse slots 50 can measure from about 0.002 inches to about 0.020 inches in width (measured in the axial direction) depending on the specific application and the degree of curvature desired. In some embodiments the slots can measure less than 0.002 inches or greater than 0.02 inches. In certain embodiments, the slots 50 can measure about 0.002 inches to 0.01 inches or between 0.006 and 0.01 inches.	0
Lys Glu Leu Leu Gln Met Leu Glu Lys Gln Lys Lys Asn	0
D-Arabitylamine (15a). From 14a (3.00 g, 18.2 mmol), the general procedure afforded the desired product as a dark yellow syrup (2.77 g, 100% with some residual water). 1 H NMR (CD 3 OD) δ 3.80-3.50 (m, 6H), 3.90-2.72 (m, 2H). Some of the hydroxyl groups and the primary amine are not visible due to exchange with residual water.	0
Lys Val Tyr Ala Asp Glu Ile Ala Gly Ala Trp Glu Thr Gly Glu Asp	0
FIG. 16 is a schematic diagram of the loading upper conveyor illustrating pressing position setting operation for a cardboard box having a high stacking height.	0
The motor 58 is disposed below a lower end of the door 14 . Further, a part of the motor 58 is located within the thickness range of the frame assembly 40 a . More specifically, the motor 58 has a cylinder-shaped barrel portion 58 a , and a part of the barrel portion 58 a falls within the thickness range of the frame assembly 40 a . The motor 58 has a gear portion 58 b joined to the barrel portion 58 a . The gear portion 58 b has a width less than that of the barrel portion 58 a , and an output shaft is provided in the gear portion 58 b . The gear portion 58 b is not located within the thickness range of the frame assembly 40 a . Thus, the driving pulley 59 fixed to the output shaft provided to protrude from the gear portion 58 b falls approximately within the thickness range of the frame assembly 40 . The output shaft of the motor 58 is provided to protrude toward the platform inner side with respect to the motor 58 , in a posture where it is rotatable about a horizontal axis. As above, a part of the motor 58 is disposed to fall within the thickness range of the frame assembly 40 a , so that it becomes possible to reduce the thickness of the guide box 12 accordingly.	0
FIG. 4 is a sectional view on the line 4--4 of FIG. 2.	0
FIG. 4 is a perspective view of a first casing member of the divided LED lamp according to the present invention.	0
No prior art is known to disclose the use of other than square-cross-section electrodes in a bifilar process, or that variation in electrode shape affects efficiency in a bifilar process. These are key unobvious elements of the present invention.	0
FIG. 2 exemplarily shows a radio frame structure for use in a 3rd Generation Partnership Project Long Term Evolution (3GPP LTE) system.	0
The second invention is a method for purifying the composition further comprising the perfluoropolyether having no carboxyl group at any terminal, hereinafter referred to as a non-functionalized perfluoropolyether. That is, the composition subjected to chromatography comprises the perfluoropolyether having a carboxyl group at one terminal, the perfluoropolyether having carboxyl groups at both terminals and the non-functionalized perfluoropolyether. This method comprises the following step (i′) or (ii′).	0
F 3 C(OC 2 F 4 ) p (OCF 2 ) q —OCF 2 COOH (3a)	0
In this embodiment, the inclined portion 182 is closer to the resistor portion 3 than the plate-like portion 181 is. Similarly, the inclined portion 282 is closer to the resistor portion 3 than the plate-like portion 281 is.	0
According to one example of the present invention, each of the rotation motion unit may include a guide slot unit and first and second link members. The guide slot unit may be formed at a case configuring an outer appearance of the driving unit, and the first and second link members may have one ends movable along the guide slot unit and another ends connected to the first and second bodies, respectively. Rotation protrusions and linear motion protrusions may be formed at the one ends of the first and second link members, respectively. The guide slot unit may include rotation slots and linear motion slots. The rotation slots may be connected to the rotation protrusions and have an arcuate shape for allowing rotation of the one ends of the first an second link members, and the linear motion slots may be connected to the linear motion protrusions and linearly formed in radial directions of the rotation slots, respectively.	0
The amount of oxalyl bromide used is preferably smaller than the equivalent amount of aluminum bromide. The amount of oxalyl bromide is more preferably 1.0 to 2.0 equivalents relative to acenaphthene.	0
The output signal OUT generated in FIGS. 8A and 8B are equivalent and provide an OR-functionality of the product terms Pi, Pv, Pw, Px, Py, and Pz as follows:	0
Also in this embodiment, the same operational effects as in the aforementioned embodiments can be obtained.	0
The PG_TY describes the type of the program. As shown in FIG. 30, when the protect bit b 7 is 0, this means that the program is not protected. When the protect bit b 7 is 1, this means that the program is protected when a program is in protected state, all the VOBs referred and utilized in the presentation of that program shall not be temporarily or permanently erased. The protect flag shall not be set to 1 unless all the VOBs referred by this program are in normal state.	0
In a further embodiment, the base oil comprises a poly-alpha-olefin (PAO). Non-limiting examples of suitable poly-alpha-olefins include those derived from octene, decene, or a combination thereof. The polyalphaolefin may have a viscosity of 2 to 15, specifically 2.5 to 10, more specifically 3 to 7 centistokes, or 3.5 to 6 centistokes at 100° C. In some instances, the poly-alpha-olefin may be used together with another base oil such as a mineral oil. A polyalphaolefin comprising 1-decene is specifically mentioned. In an embodiment the polyalphaolefin comprises 75% to 85% decene trimer, 3% to 23% decene tetramer, and 0.1 to 4% pentamer or higher oligomer. SYNFLUID, a product of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, specifically SYNFLUID PAO 4 cSt is specifically mentioned.	0
Referring to FIG. 2, the sensor panel unit 120 includes a pixel unit 122 , in which a plurality of pixels PX are arranged, a gate driver 124 disposed outside the pixel unit 122 so as to control the pixels PX, a signal detector 126 , and a voltage supply unit 128 .	0
Early human clinical trials suggest that there may be further potential problems with first generation drug delivery devices. Follow-up examination of clinical trial patients at 6 to 18 months after drug coated stent implantation indicates that mal-apposition of stent struts to arterial walls and edge effect restenosis may occur in significant numbers of patients. Edge effect restenosis occurs just beyond the proximal and distal edges of the stent and progresses around the stent edges and into the interior (luminal) space, frequently requiring repeat revascularization of the patient.	0
There is a continuing need in the art for a hair treatment and composition which builds body in hair end provides smooth, silky hair. The methods and compositions of the present invention provide such compositions and treatment.	0
The processing of S 801 to S 805 is the same as the processing of S 401 to S 405 in the first embodiment (FIG. 4). In this embodiment, the user 302 in the first embodiment is replaced with the user 702 , and the wireless LAN terminal 501 is replaced with the wireless LAN terminal 701 .	0
In one aspect of the invention, a process for comprehensively utilizing Radix Puerariae is provided, the process comprising the following steps: 1) providing Radix Puerariae as raw material; 2) pretreating the Radix Puerariae raw material by steam explosion; 3) producing and separating ethanol by continuous coupled solid state fermentation; 4) filtering off fermentation residues; 5) extracting and purifying Radix Puerariae flavones from filtrates; and 6) classifying the filtered fermentation residues into a fiber portion and a protein portion.	0
The bottom cover according to another general aspect of the embodiments further includes a first multipurpose fixation portion configured to guide a panel and fasten a printed circuit board. The first multipurpose fixation portion includes: a vertical plate configured to guide the panel; a first horizontal bump formed to extend from the vertical plate in an outward direction of the case; and a first protrusion formed to protrude from the first horizontal bump in a frontward direction of the case and configured to fasten the printed circuit board.	0
The use of the terms “a” and “an” and “the” and similar referents in the context of describing the invention (especially in the context of the following claims) are to be construed to cover both the singular and the plural, unless otherwise indicated herein or clearly contradicted by context. The use of any and all examples, or exemplary language (e.g., “such as”) provided herein, is intended merely to better illuminate the invention and does not pose a limitation on the scope of the invention unless otherwise claimed.	0
Therefore, any material which back-feeds in the central zone, corresponding approximately to the width of the direction vanes 34 , is scraped from the feed beater 18 and directed outwardly towards the stationary vanes 32 . This directional action increases the probability that the scraped material will join the separate crop streams upon the second pass under the feed beater 18 and thus enter the transition housings 19 a successfully. The reduction in build-up of the back-fed material around the central region of the feed beater 18 avoids the risk of jamming and the associated down time required to remove the blockage.	0
Ser Val Lys Ile Ser Cys Lys Ala Ser Gly His Thr Phe Thr Ser Tyr	0
In the two-stage absorption heat pump constituted as described above, hot water 301 as a heat source is supplied to the hot water pipe 12 in the generator G and the hot water pipe 15 in the low-temperature evaporator E, and cooling water 302 is supplied to the cooling water pipe in the condenser C. The concentrated solution in the generator G is delivered by the solution pump 1 and heated in the low-temperature solution heat exchanger X 1 . After that, some of the concentrated solution is divided into the branch pipe 87 and introduced into the low-temperature absorber A, and the remaining concentrated solution is directed to the high-temperature absorber AH through the heated side of the high-temperature solution heat exchanger X 2 . In the high-temperature absorber AH, the concentrated solution is sprayed from the spray 25 , absorbs the vapor from the high-temperature evaporator EH to generate heat of absorption and is diluted into a medium-concentration solution with a medium concentration. The medium-concentration solution is directed to the low-temperature absorber A through the heating side of the high-temperature solution heat exchanger X 2 . In the low-temperature absorber A, the concentrated solution divided into the branch pipe 87 and the medium-concentration solution from the high-temperature absorber AH are mixed together. The mixed solution is sprayed from the spray 9 , absorbs the refrigerant vapor from the low-temperature evaporator E to generate heat of absorption, and is diluted into a dilute solution. The dilute solution is returned to the generator G through the heating side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger X 1 .	0
Thus, d is incremented by 1 at a time until the displacement amount d reaches Dα (Steps S 107 and S 108 ), and Step S 103 is performed for d of each time. Thus, each time, a line of different inclination is set within the range between the lines L1 and L2. In Step S 104 , the lowest gray level 1 min in the set line is extracted. When Imin is larger than the maximum value MAX, MAX is updated by Imin (Steps S 105 and S 106 ). When 1 min is not larger than the maximum value MAX (“NO” in ST 105 ), MAX is maintained at a current value.	0
FIG. 11. (Table 3) Example for the thresholding procedure, determination of positive and negative results and calculation of sensitivity and specificity. The HPTC 1data set shown here is identical with the respective data set in Table 2. A threshold of 2.0 was applied. If for a given drug the expression value of at least one marker gene was equal to or above the threshold a result was classified as positive (+). If for a given drug the expression levels of both marker genes were below the threshold the result was classified as negative (−). Based on these positive and negative results the sensitivity and specificity were calculated. Sensitivity was defined as the number of positive group 1 drugs (TP) divided by the total number of 22 group 1 drugs. Specificity was defined as the number of negative group 2 and 3 drugs (TN) divided by the total number of 19 group 2 and 3 drugs.	0
Thus, when the ribbon width is 20 to 30 mm. and the diameter of the threads is 0.1 mm., the angle a in the last pair equals 136°, and in the preceding pairs is about 140° and 150° respectively.	0
Ala Met Asp Val Phe Val Cys Thr Tyr Phe Met Pro Ala Ala Gln Leu	0
The system controller ( 30 ) can control the operation of heat pump compressor ( 15 ) and heat pump three-way valve ( 36 ) directly or through the water heater built-in control ( 13 ), if it exists, by sending control signals to it. If the water heater does not have a built-in controller, the system controller ( 30 ) controls the operation of the water heater and electrically actuated valves installed on water pipes connected to the water heater ( 10 ) and heating-control storage tank ( 20 ).	0
FIG. 6 is a block diagram illustrating a second decoding apparatus in which a downmix gain is applied to a multi-channel audio signal, for modification of the multi-channel audio signal, in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention;	0
Parasternal long and short-axis views of the aortic valve were recorded to assess leaflet morphology. Left ventricular outflow tract (LVOT) diameter was measured in a zoomed parasternal long-axis view, and LVOT cross-sectional area (CSA LVOT ) was calculated according to: CSALVOT=TT (DLVOT/2) 2 . LVOT velocity (V1) and velocity time integral (VTILVOT) were obtained with pulsed-wave Doppler sampled proximal to the aortic valve in the apical 5-chamber view. Continuous wave (CW) Doppler interrogation across the aortic valve was used to obtain transvalvular maximal velocity (V2) and VTI (VTIAO) in the same view. V1/V2 ratio was calculated in the pre-treatment period to determine AVS development. Aortic valve area (AVA) was obtained at each time point by the continuity equation: AVA=CSA LVOT ×(VTILVOT/VTIAO)—Aortic valve thickness in its middle portion was measured at end-diastole in a zoomed parasternal long-axis view at baseline, before randomized therapy, and at the final echocardiographic exam.	0
The rubber hose is, for example, a large-diameter rubber hose having an inner diameter larger than 16 mm.	0
The BLAST algorithm also performs a statistical analysis of the similarity between two sequences (see, e.g., Karlin & Altschul, Proc. Nat'l. Acad. Sci. USA 90:5873-5787 (1993)). One measure of similarity provided by the BLAST algorithm is the smallest sum probability (P(N)), which provides an indication of the probability by which a match between two nucleotide or amino acid sequences would occur by chance. For example, a nucleic acid is considered similar to a reference sequence if the smallest sum probability in a comparison of the test nucleic acid to the reference nucleic acid is less than about 0.2, more preferably less than about 0.01, and most preferably less than about 0.001.	0
As a measure for improving the heat-resistant (corrosion-resistant) and water-resistant adhesion as important quality characteristics requested for the steel cord, there is known a method of forming a plating layer of a ternary alloy or a quaternary alloy by adding other elements to the brass that forms the surface of the steel wire.	0
The following example is presented to further illustrate and explain the present invention and should not be viewed as limited in any regard. Unless otherwise indicated, all parts and percentages are by weight and are based on the weight of the product at the particular stage in processing indicated.	0
As reflected in the above scheme, a triglyceride reacts with the alcohol and is converted stepwise to a diglyceride, a monoglyceride and finally to glycerol with a fatty acid alkyl ester liberated at each step, resulting in 3 ester molecules. In addition to the fatty acid alkyl esters formed in the reaction, glycerol is created as a by-product. The equilibrium of the reaction may be shifted to favor formation of the fatty acid esters by increasing the amount of alcohol reactant. Additionally, the formation of esters can be promoted by removal of the glycerol by product.	0
Because both top drive unit 80 and jack apparatus 90 are capable of gripping pipe and rotating such pipe, it is possible to simultaneously drill one size pipe concentrically within another size pipe. As a result the slant rig 10 of the present invention is far more versatile than conventional rigs. For example, slant rig 10 of the present invention can be used to simultaneously drill well casing using jack apparatus 90 , and tubing or drill pipe concentrically through such casing using top drive unit 80 .	0
FIG. 21 illustrates an exemplary embodiment of a proximal filter. Proximal filter 280 is coupled to proximal shaft 282 . Proximal filter 280 includes struts 286 extending from proximal shaft 282 to strut restraint 288 , which is adapted to slide axially over distal shaft 284 . Proximal filter 280 also includes filter material 290 , with pores therein, that extends from proximal shaft 282 to a location axially between proximal shaft 282 and strut restraint 288 . Debris can pass through struts 286 and become trapped within filter material 290 . When proximal filter 280 is collapsed within a proximal sheath (not shown), struts 286 elongate and move radially inward (towards distal shaft 284 ). Strut restraint 288 is adapted to move distally over distal shaft 284 to allow the struts to move radially inward and extend a greater length along distal shaft 284 .	0
Furthermore, since the greater the height of the isotropic elastic conductors 51 , the higher the compressibility of the whole bumps, it is possible to assure effective electrical contacts, that is, electrical conductivity at the contacting parts, by absorbing the variations, if any, in the height of portions on a test subject such as an electrical circuit.	0
Asp Ile Thr Asn Ile Leu Ser Lys Cys Cys Glu Ser Ala Ser Glu Asp	0
This recessed surface 60 does not extend the full length of curved wall 35, and in fact is substantially shorter than the curved wall so that whatever position member 45 takes adjacent the curved wall, the member always covers the entire recessed surface and thus effectively closes port 42.	0
SimpleOS applications can be dynamically updated. Portions of the application may be added, removed or replaced. However, changes are made in the application object, so they do not become apparent until a new process is activated.	0
FIG. 13 is a screenshot of the Hello World example.	0
Directly under the root of the superstructure are a number of object instances. Each object instance has a unique name called an instance name. No two objects in the process's superstructure may possess the same instance name. In the examples shown, each object contains structured data that may include the following types of data defined by the SQML DTD: Methods: Code definitions that describe a dynamic modification to the object Data Members: The equivalent of variables, which can be of any of the supported data types. GUI Definitions: Definitions for cards, frame buttons and other graphical elements. Additional types, defined in the future	0
FIG. 4 is a TEM image of carbon nanotubes manufactured in the embodiment 1;	0
Tyr Tyr Gly Tyr Ala Lys Ala Arg Trp Tyr Cys Lys Glu Cys Ala Glu	0
FIG. 2 shows a graph of FB dimensions versus club head speed;	0
Arg Phe Leu Arg Ile Ile Arg Glu Lys Asp Pro Asp Ile Ile Val Thr	0
FIG. 2 is an exploded perspective view of the main part of the darning width adjusting device 10 according to the embodiment, and FIG. 3 is a front view thereof.	0
The polarizer and the transparent protective film may be bonded together with an adhesive. Examples of such an adhesive include isocyanate adhesives, polyvinyl alcohol-based adhesives, gelatin-based adhesives, vinyl-based latex-based, and aqueous polyester adhesives. The adhesive is generally used in the form of an aqueous adhesive solution, which generally has a solids content of 0.5 to 60% by weight. Besides the above, ultraviolet-curable adhesives, electron beam-curable adhesives, or the like may also be used to bond the polarizer and the transparent protective film together. Electron beam-curable adhesives for use on polarizing films have good tackiness to the various transparent protective films described above. The adhesive for use in the present invention may also contain a metal compound filler.	0
An anticancer agent sample for use in the Fluorouracil degradation test was obtained by putting drops of a solution which is the equivalent of 100 μL of 5-FU injection 250 Kyowa in undiluted form (250 mg/5 mL) manufactured and marketed by Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd. (Fluorouracil 5 mg) onto a stainless plate measuring 10 cm×10 cm, and subsequently drying it on standing at room temperature. In the degradation test, after the stainless plate bearing Fluorouracil (anticancer agent sample) was set in the tester 11 , the ozone generator 13 has been operated until the CT reading reached 80000 under humidity adjustment.	0
The UE belongs to one cell. A cell to which a UE belongs is called a serving cell. A BS providing the serving cell with communication services is called a serving BS. A wireless communication system is a cellular system, and so it includes other cells neighboring a serving cell. Other cells neighboring the serving cell are called neighbor cells. A BS providing the neighbor cells with communication services is called as a neighbor BS. The serving cell and the neighbor cells are relatively determined on the basis of a UE.	0
Surface Plasmon Resonance kinetic affinity measurement: Human BTLA-Fc ligand was immobilized onto a CMS sensor chip to 150 Response Units using amine coupling. Sensograms were collected at a flow rate of 30 μl/min, 25° C. Specific binding was determined by subtraction of control from ligand channels. Indicated concentrations of analyte were injected from vials cooled to 7° C. Data collection includes 3 minutes of 90 μl analyte followed by 15 minutes disassociation. Regeneration after each cycle was with a 30 second pulse of 15 μl 10 mM Glycine pH 2.5. The first 10 seconds following analyte injection and disassociation were applied for affinity measurements with both the Langmuir and the Bivalent fit models of BIAevaluation software (version 4.1) kinetic analysis module.	0
In another aspect, a computer software product for three-dimensional printing of at least one three-dimensional object, comprises a non-transitory computer-readable medium in which program instructions are stored, which instructions, when read by a computer, cause the computer to perform operations comprising: operation (a) direct providing a pre-transformed material to form a material bed; operation (b) directing a first energy beam to transform a portion of the pre-transformed material to form a porous layer comprising a first portion and an optional second portion, wherein the first energy beam is operatively coupled to the material bed; and operation (c) directing a second energy beam, to densify the first portion of the porous layer to form a layer of denser material as a part of the at least one three-dimensional object.	0
Leu Thr Cys Leu Val Lys Gly Phe Tyr Pro Ser Asp Ile Ala Val Glu	0
Portion 2 was treated with 9.1 g of 0.1 wt % aqueous solution of Magnafloc 110 L under stirring and stirred for 40 minutes. The filtered solution contained 44 μg/g of organic bonded fluorine (−33%).	0
His Phe Asp Leu Tyr His Val Ile Arg Arg Thr Ile Asn Leu Pro Thr	0
The methods set forth herein are useful for analysis of large genomes such as those typically found in eukaryotic unicellular and multicellular organisms. Exemplary eukaryotic nucleic acid mixtures that can be used in a method set forth herein includes, without limitation, that from a mammal such as a rodent, mouse, rat, rabbit, guinea pig, ungulate, horse, sheep, pig, goat, cow, cat, dog, primate, human or non-human primate; a plant such as Arabidopsis thaliana , corn, sorghum, oat, wheat, rice, canola, or soybean; an algae such as Chlamydomonas reinhardtii ; a nematode such as Caenorhabditis elegans ; an insect such as Drosophila melanogaster , mosquito, fruit fly, honey bee or spider; a fish such as zebrafish; a reptile; an amphibian such as a frog or Xenopus laevis ; a dictyostelium discoideum ; a fungi such as pneumocystis carinii, Takifugu rubripes , yeast, Saccharamoyces cerevisiae or Schizosaccharomyces pombe ; or a plasmodium falciparum . The methods can also be used with nucleic acid mixtures from organisms having smaller genomes such as those from a prokaryote such as a bacterium, Escherichia coli , staphylococci or mycoplasma pneumoniae ; an archae; a virus such as Hepatitis C virus or human immunodeficiency virus; or a viroid. A nucleic acid mixture can be isolated from one or more cells, bodily fluids or tissues. Known methods can be used to obtain a bodily fluid such as blood, sweat, tears, lymph, urine, saliva, semen, cerebrospinal fluid, feces or amniotic fluid. Similarly known biopsy methods can be used to obtain cells or tissues such as buccal swab, mouthwash, surgical removal, biopsy aspiration or the like. Nucleic acids can also be obtained from one or more cell or tissue in primary culture, in a propagated cell line, a fixed archival sample, forensic sample, fresh frozen paraffin embedded sample or archeological sample.	0
In comparison example 5 in which r is 1.0 mm and H 1 is 6.0 mm, there appears “rough surface and crack”. In comparison example 6 in which r is 1.5 mm and H 1 is 6.0 mm, “rough surface” takes place. In comparison example 7 in which r is 2.0 mm and H 1 is 8.0 mm, there appears “rough surface and crack”. In comparison example 8 in which r is 20.0 mm and H 1 is 26.0 mm, “rough surface and crack” takes place.	0
Supercritical carbon dioxide has been used in coloring processes because it can dissolve or absorb the colorant for application to an article of manufacture. However, carbon dioxide can also react with various functional moieties on either the colorant or the article of manufacture, such as textiles, and impair the ability of the colorant to attach to the article of manufacture. As a result, the colorant is likely to be easily removed from the article, such as during cleaning, so that the color of the article dulls over time.	0
Furthermore, each blade 303 can include a suction side 305 and a pressure side 307 . In general, fluid can flow from the suction side 305 of the blade 303 toward the pressure side 307 of the blade 303 , e.g., from the distal end portion of the impeller 300 to the proximal end portion of the impeller 300 . The pressure side 307 can be include a curved, concave surface having a predetermined radius of curvature R, as best seen in FIG. 5C, and as explained above. For example, in FIGS. 5A-5F, the illustrated radius of curvature R corresponds to a relaxed or deployed radius of curvature R D . As explained above, when the impeller 300 rotates, the impeller may be in an operational configuration having an operational radius of curvature R o that may be larger than the deployed radius of curvature R D . Indeed, in some embodiments, the blades 303 may substantially flatten and elongate radially such that there is little curvature. The elongated blades 303 in the operational configuration may enable for increased flow rate through the pump.	0
It should also be noted that due to the shuttle 7 being mechanically linked to the plunger 10 , the fully forward stroke of the plunger 10 causes the shuttle 7 to reach the position shown in FIG. 7 so that another round of ammunition 4 may be received. Due to this relationship, once the magazine 3 is full of ammunition 4 , the shuttle 7 may not reach the position required to accept another round of ammunition 4 . This may prevent overloading of the magazine 3 .	0
As the material of the first layer slab 211 and the third layer slab 231 , Si, InGaAsP, GaAs, AIGaAs or the like can be used, for example. Similarly, as the material of the dielectric column 222 , Si, InGaAsP, GaAs, AIGaAs or the like can be used. Different materials may be used for the first layer slab 211 and/or the third layer slab 231 and the dielectric column 222 . However, it is desirable to use the same material so that good junction is obtained between them. In contrast, if the thermal radiation light source should emit thermal radiation light only from one of the first layer and the third layer, for example, different material may be used for the first layer slab 211 and the third layer slab 231 . In this case, a material different from that of the first layer slab 211 and/or the third layer slab 231 may be used for the dielectric column 222 .	0
FIG. 5(a) is a view of upper limits of example jet spans of a first nozzle that vary depending on the load of laundry.	0
The holder 211 c of FIG. 2F has a cubic shape showing one surface (cross-hatch) active in releasing the colorant. While not shown, the back surface opposite of the cross-hatch surface can also be mesh for releasing the colorant.	0
By means of the above acts, after determining that the virtual resource pool failure is correlated to the VNF instance, it may be determined that the virtual resource pool failure of the NFVI layer has an impact on a VNF instance currently being executed. The generated alarm includes the identification information identifying that the alarm type of the alarm is the virtual resource pool alarm, so that the EMS which receives the alarm can identify that a reason for the VNF alarm is the virtual resource pool failure, in other words, the alarm type is the virtual resource pool alarm. The problem that the EMS cannot identify the alarm correlated to a VNF instance and generated due to the virtual resource pool failure of the NFVI layer is solved. The effect that the EMS can explicitly identify the alarm correlated to a VNF instance and generated due to the virtual resource pool failure of the NFVI layer is achieved.	0
An additional disadvantage is that the water which was removed from the fibrous web 24 in the manner described also contains fibers and fines which accumulate on the top surface or inside surface of the structured fabric 14 . If a suction box, especially for wet embossing, is provided inside the loop of the permeable structured fabric 14 , then fibers and fines can also accumulate on the front side of such a suction box.	0
Alternatively, to the weft stop motion might be imparted a reciprocating movement towards and away from the said weft thread, in timed relationship with the reciprocating movement of the weft thread inserter, in such a way that the feeler element of the weft stop motion will come into engagement with the weft thread only during the time intervals in which the said weft thread inserter is effectively moving between the opposite ends of its stroke travel.	0
In an alternative embodiment the substrate table 3 is provided with air suction conduits 13 connected to the reduced pressure source 8 and provided with adjustable restrictions 14 . During wafer loading the adjustable restrictions 14 are fully open, ensuring a large volume below the warped wafer W resulting in reduced air compression and a low air velocity (i.e. reduced pressure). As the warped wafer W is near the support location 4 , the adjustable restrictions 14 are closed to reduce the enclosed volume between the warped wafer W and the support surface 4 to provide a reduced pressure with which the substrate W can be clamped on the substrate support location 4 .	0
A pathogen-resistant fabric is presented. The pathogen-resistant fabric comprises a plurality of siloxane polymer chains, a phthalocyanine photocatalyst, and a singlet oxygen trap molecule. The singlet oxygen trap reacts with singlet oxygen produced by the photocatalyst.	0
During operation, fluid flows from a fluid source (not shown) into the first tube 30 with some of the fluid entering the second tube 40 as the fluid approaches the rollers 22 of the first rotor 21 . For the purposes of this disclosure, the fluid is saline, but may be another type of biocompatible fluid. The rotor assembly 20 rotates in a counter-clockwise manner, as indicated by arrow 70 . The rollers 22 , 24 of the first and second rotors 21 , 23 apply pressure to the first and second tubes 30 , 40 , which creates fluid pockets, within the tubes 30 , 40 , that continually get pushed through the tubes 30 , 40 , thereby creating flow. The fluid pockets of the second tube 40 are deposited into the first tube 30 at the second end 42 . The fluid pockets of the first and second tubes 30 , 40 are then delivered to the surgical area.	0
By using a number of multi-layer mirrors 100 according to the present invention, wherein the multi-layer mirrors vary in thickness d 1 , d 2 and or d 3 or material m 1 , m 2 , or m 3 or both layer thicknesses and materials for the first 110 and second 112 spectral purity enhancement layers and the intermediate layer 111 , respectively, the filtering away of undesired wavelengths can be tuned such that desired radiation, for example with a wavelength between 5 and 20 nm, is not reduced substantially (e.g. less than about 50% reduction with respect to the same multi-layer mirrors without such first 110 and second 112 spectral purity enhancement layers, split by intermediate layer 111 ; i.e.: the same multi-layer mirrors without such spectral purity enhancement layer 104 as shown in FIG. 4 a ), whereas DUV radiation is reduced substantially (e.g. a reduction with 90%, or about 95%, or even about 99%, with respect to the same multi-layer mirrors without such spectral purity enhancement layer 104 as shown in FIG. 4 a ). Such a reduction preferably applies in an embodiment to a substantial part of the wavelength range of 100-400 nm, e.g. for 15% of the wavelength range between 100 and 400 nm. In an embodiment, at least the radiation at wavelengths between about 130 and 190 nm is reduced with about 90%, or more.	0
According to this arrangement, cells are arranged from the inner circumference side of the disk in this order: cell A→cell B→cell C→cell F→cell G→cell D→cell E.	0
In addition, in the above embodiment, the second power button 240 and the second start button 250 corresponding to the first power button 301 and the first start button 302 having high operation frequencies are arranged on the upper cover 15 , and the operation buttons corresponding to the operation buttons having low operation frequencies are not arranged on the upper cover 15 , thereby preventing the structure of the upper cover 15 from becoming complicated and preventing the weight of the upper cover 15 from increasing due to arrangement of the plurality of operation buttons.	0
The present technology is described in the following (1) to (12).	0
A skittle setting machine disclosed in German Patent DE2322950 is likewise technically complex. For example, the pins travel from a diagonal chute into revolving catch holders in a divided wheel and then swing further downwardly into an alignment rack. The nearly simultaneous rotation of all of the holders is mechanically complex, and unintended rotation of one or some of the catch holders can be unsafe for the mechanic. A further disadvantage is that if the catch receptacles and the rack do not align, the pins remaining after a throw of the ball will not be picked up and set down properly, but only centered in the catch receptacle.	0
In a particularly preferred embodiment, the width of roof panels 12 and 13 of pre-painted steel is on the order of 610 mm, and roof panels 12 and 13 weigh on the order of 6.0 Kg/m.sup.2 and 3.6 Kg/linear meter. Additionally, in this embodiment, cap member 31 and backing members 33, 34, 35 have a thickness of from about 1.5 to about 2.5 mm, while roof members 12 and 13 are about 0.6 mm in thickness.	0
The starting material ETP free acid is commercially available, for example from Sigma-Aldrich Inc. (USA) with product code COM497515993 and product name Eltrombopag.	0
Δ Rr÷ΔRb=f ( H 2) f ( H 1) (6)	0
FIG. 5 illustrates another block diagram of an application for a data center network distribution system, commonly referred to as a “ring topology.”	0
So that the signal CADX 3 delivered by the loudspeaker HPD has substantially the same amplitude as the signal CADX 2 delivered by the loudspeaker HPG, it is preferable that the inverted signal SINV undergo a gain adjustment in the amplifier AMPX. The gain G is then a function of the distance D. It will be possible for example to use the following function with the gain G expressed in decibels (dB):	0
In various aspects, the moistened medium 42 includes a printed pattern formed using a liquid ink, the liquid ink including a solute dissolved or suspended in an ink solvent, the moistening liquid 420 being the ink solvent. After the moistening liquid 420 has been removed from the moistened medium 42 , the solute remains on the medium 42 . The temperature of the warmed heating liquid 415 can be less than a medium degradation temperature above which the medium 42 irreversibly degrades. The moistening liquid 420 can be water or an alcohol. The moistening liquid 420 , here and throughout this disclosure, can include a surfactant to lower the surface tension of the moistening liquid 420 to increase spreading of the moistening liquid 420 on the surface of the medium 42 . For example, water, with a surface tension of 72 dynes/cm, does not spread significantly on some polymeric surfaces. Adding a surfactant, (e.g., a detergent) reduces the surface tension, thereby increasing the amount of spreading.	0
The cam mechanism is provided on a left-hand external wall of the foundation 61 .	0
At step 122 , as fluid pressure increases within the rotor chamber 58 due to one or both of the pump output increasing and the control valve 50 closing, rotation of the rotor member 70 slows, which, in turn, slows rotation of the tailgate shaft 34 coupled therewith thereby slowing rotation of the tailgate assembly 10 toward the open configuration. Conversely, at step 124 , as fluid pressure decreases within the rotor chamber 58 due to one or both of the pump output decreasing and the control valve 50 opening, rotation of the rotor member 70 increases, which, in turn, speeds up rotation of the tailgate shaft 34 coupled therewith thereby increasing the rotation speed of the tailgate assembly 10 toward the drop down configuration. At step 126 , the tailgate assembly 10 may be moved from the drop down configuration toward the vertical closed configuration. At step 128 , the gearbox 64 may include a clutch mechanism decoupling the tailgate shaft 34 from the rotor shaft 66 to allow the tailgate shaft 34 to rotate independently of the rotor shaft 66 .	0
In the contact position as shown, the inlets 929 of the blocks 926 form a hole configured to receive the pipe 104 (see FIGS. 1 and 2). Also in the contact position as shown, the depressions 930 of the blocks 926 form a continuous (and in this case circular) depression therebetween along a top surface 931 of the blocks 926 . The surface seal 952 is positionable in the depression 930 . The depressions 930 are preferably configured for receiving the surface seal 952 , and for receiving the BOP adapter 950 when in the contact position. The surface seal 952 as shown is a semi-oval member positionable in the depression 930 for sealing engagement with the BOP adapter 950 and the BOP 108 . As shown in FIGS. 9A and 9B, the surface seal 952 is positionable in the depression 930 to form a seal with the BOP 108 and the BOP adapter 950 to prevent fluid from passing between the blocks 926 and the BOP 108 adjacent thereto.	0
Ser Leu Pro Ala Cys Pro Glu Glu Ser Pro Leu Leu Val Gly Pro Met	0
A server 100 in a communication system is a device configuring a system that operates various types of information provision services over the wired/wireless Internet. The server is provided with an input unit 103 allowing the manager or operator of the server 100 to input and manage information, an output unit 105 for outputting or displaying information (including a connection port, a printer, or the like for outputting information), a database (DB) unit 104 for storing various types of information and information related to the operation of services, and an interface unit 102 capable of transmitting or receiving data to or from an accessing user over the Internet or a communication network. Meanwhile, information denotes all types of information including an image, a video, text, etc.	0
Leu Glu Glu Lys Phe Gly Phe Lys Val Leu Tyr Ile Asp Thr Asp Gly	0
As mentioned above, the windows shown in FIGS. 1C and 2 can be made into a minor by a coating on one side and used as a mirror substrate. In addition, the glass windows of FIGS. 1C and 2 can be cut and polished and be used as a solar panel cover, with a thickness of approximately 200 to 250 microns. That is, the optical components of the present invention (shown in FIGS. 1C and 2) may also be prepared in large plates, the sizes of which are based on the manufacturing facility. In general, the glass plate may be softened in temperatures ranging from about 550° C. to 650° C. and rolled through rolling machinery. Once the glass is reduced to about a 3 mm thickness, the plates are transferred into a final shaping and polishing facility to achieve the desired final shape and thickness. In the experiment to demonstrate the practical manufacturing of the optical solar panel cover of the present invention, the optical components shown were successfully polished up to 250 microns in thickness, which considerably improved transparency by about 90% from 250 nm to 5000 nm. The thinner the glass is, the higher its transparency.	0
* 1 Kao, Decyl polyglycoside (Condensation degree: 1-1.35), Effective ingredient: 40 wt. %	0
FIG. 13 depicts variations of the Stretch Start parameters where the goal to reach by the hand of the virtual actor is given by the cube 192 . The left destination actor 194 has a Stretch Start set at 0%, the middle actor 196 at 95% and the right actor 198 at 100%. As can be seen the original angular configuration of the arm body part 200 containing the elbow is maintained more faithfully the less the Stretch Start parameter setting.	0
When certain conditions are met within a homogeneous or close to homogenous charge of lean air/fuel mixture during low load operation, homogeneous charge compression ignition can occur wherein bulk combustion takes place initiated simultaneously from many ignition sites within the charge, resulting in very stable power output, very clean combustion and high fuel conversion efficiency. NO x emission produced in controlled homogeneous charge compression ignition combustion is extremely low in comparison with spark ignition combustion based on propagating flame front and heterogeneous charge compression ignition combustion based on an attached diffusion flame. In the latter two cases represented by spark ignition engine and diesel engine, respectively, the burnt gas temperature is highly heterogeneous within the charge with very high local temperature values creating high NO x emission. By contrast, in controlled homogeneous charge compression ignition combustion where the combustion is uniformly distributed throughout the charge from many ignition sites, the burnt gas temperature is substantially homogeneous with much lower local temperature values resulting in very low NO x emission.	0
In some instances, the aluminum alloy comprises AA-8000, Al—Li (aluminum-lithium), Alnico, Duralumin, Hidumiuium, Kryron Magnalium, Nambe, Scandium-aluminum, or Y alloy. The magnesium alloy may comprise Elektron, Magnox, or T-Mg—Al—Zn (Bergman phase) alloy.	0
The one or more acids can be added to the suspension as a concentrated solution or a more diluted solution. Preferably, the molar ratio of the H 3 O + ion to the natural or synthetic calcium carbonate is from 0.1 to 2.	0
In particular said applicator is any three-dimensional substrate capable of transferring ingredients to a surface, in particular the user's skin. Examples of such substrates are puffs, pads, sponges, bars, brushes, cotton balls, gloves, mitts, or cotton tipped swabs.	0
In some embodiments, at block 570 , a service provider representative may compare the transmitted verification code and the relayed verification code to determine whether the codes match. Alternatively, to prevent social engineering, the transmitted verification code may unknown to the service provider representative. When the service user relays the verification code back to the service provider representative, the service provider representative must enter the relayed verification code into the system. The system then compares the transmitted verification code and the relayed verification code. If the codes match, the service user may access the account. However, if the codes do not match, then the service user may not access the account and will be prompted to retransmit a verification code to the service provider.	0
In the canister assembly 22 described above, when the engine is not in operation, as shown by the solid line arrow in FIG. 2, the fuel vapor produced in the fuel tank is introduced into the first adsorption chamber 31 to be adsorbed by the activated charcoal therein. The part of the fuel vapor that is not adsorbed by the activated charcoal is introduced into the second adsorption chamber 32 via the chamber communication pipe 46 to be adsorbed by the activated charcoal in the second adsorption chamber 32 . On the other hand, when the engine is in operation, as shown by the dotted line arrow in FIG. 2, because air is drawn from the side of the intake passage of the engine, atmospheric air is introduced into the filter box 33 via the communication pipe 54 so that the fuel vapor in the second adsorption chamber 32 and first adsorption chamber 31 is forwarded to the intake passage of the engine via the purge port 43 .	0
Referring to FIGS. 15A and 15B, a second contact plug 146 and a third interconnection line 152 may be formed on the device region.	0
FIGS. 12 to 14 are flowcharts showing embodiments of a process according to the present invention.	0
Using whole rosemary extract (6 μg·ml −1 ) also inhibits CYP1A1 activity and DNA adduct formation by 80% after 6 hours co-incubation with 1.5 μM BP in human bronchial epithelial cells (REAS-2B). Thus, using filters which decrease the amount of the free radicals to reduce the formation of the critical tumorogenic adduct are a significant benefit for the addicted smokers.	0
FIG. 3 is a block schematic diagram of the portion of the M/H receiver apparatus for turbo decoding baseband digital television signal to recover portions of transverse Reed-Solomon (TRS) codewords, which FIG. 3 portion of the M/H receiver apparatus is novel and provides improved turbo decoding in accordance with aspects of the invention.	0
FIG. 2 is a sectional view showing the connecting pipe and the rubber hose of FIG. 1 in a state before the connecting pipe is press-fitted and securely fixed in the rubber hose.	0
In FIG. 10a, all three guide eyes 135, 135' and 135" of the thread feed lever are raised. The filling threads 164 and 164' extend from the guide eyes 135 and 135' to the left end of the rows 27, 28 of the guide needles, and there they are guided around the lowered outside thread retarder 145. The filling yarn 164" extends from guide eye 135" to the right-hand end of the needle rows 27, 28 and there it is guided around the lowered inside thread retarder 147. The leading driver 129 of the outside chain 108 is just about to pass below the filling yarn 164.	0
The detection and quantification of the residual monomers, especially residual VP and NIPAM in the polymer were carried out by HPLC. The HPLC system that can be used for detection of the monomers is Agilent 1100 series or equivalents, using Reverse Phase RP-18 (C-18) columns [Lichrospher RP-18e, 5μ, 250 mm×4 mm]. The Mobile Phase used is a mixture of water and acetonitrile in a ratio of 80:20, at a flow rate of 1 ml/min, with a sample injection volume is 50 μl.	0
Advantageously, the sleeve storage device is provided with a receiving and/or dispensing device to be able to receive or dispense the sleeves from or to the sleeve transport device. Thus, the sleeve transport device can be kept free for the transport of other sleeves and is not blocked by the sleeves stored on an intermediate basis in the sleeve storage devices.	0
The coring bit of Embodiment 8 or Embodiment 9, wherein a total circumferential dimension of the portion of the at least one face discharge channel subtends an angle of at least about 72 degrees about a longitudinal axis of the bit body in a plane transverse to the longitudinal axis of the bit body.	0
It should be understood that various modifications within the scope of this invention can be made by one of ordinary skill in the art without departing from the spirit thereof. For example, the foot plate 16 could be fixed (instead of movable) in either of the positions of FIG. 3 (or intermediate thereto) and the lower boom member 28 pivotable around bracing cable 20 as in FIG. 11 (as well as upper boom member 26 remaining pivotable), thus permitting control of the sail by the boom angle to the wind. Also, if the upper boom member 26 were appropriately positioned along brace cable 20, the clew of sail 18 could be secured to a traveler or slide moving along upper boom member 26. In such event, outhaul line 38 also would be attached in order to obtain better control over a partially furled sail.	0
Although the gateline is shown extending entirely around source/drain regions in the shown aspects of the invention, it is to be understood that the invention encompasses other aspects (not shown) in which the gateline extends less than fully around the source/drain regions. For instance, the gateline can extend one-quarter of the way around the source/drain region, halfway around the source/drain region, three-quarters of the way around the source/drain region, etc.	0
The accompanying drawings are incorporated into and form a part of the specification to illustrate embodiments of the present invention. These drawings together with the description explain the principles of the invention. The drawings, however, are merely for the purpose of illustrating the examples of how the invention can be made and used and are not to be construed as limiting the invention to only the illustrated and described embodiments. Several aspects of the described embodiments may form—individually or in different combinations—solutions according to the present invention. Further features and advantages will become apparent from the following description of the various embodiments of the invention, as illustrated in the accompanying drawings, in which like reference numbers refer to like elements.	0
Pro Pro Glu Lys Leu Ala Ile Tyr Glu Gln Ile Thr Arg Pro Leu His	0
Cards are typically double faced. When the card is positioned from the perspective of a viewer so the long dimension is vertical and the short dimension is horizontal, the face of the card has a primary diagonal extending from the upper left to the lower right and a secondary diagonal extending from the upper right to the lower left. In this orientation, value indicia are positioned in the primary corners and suit indicia are positioned below the value indicia in the upper corner and above the value in the lower corner. Indicia in the upper half are right-reading and indicia in the lower half are upside-down-reading. Thus, when cards are oriented with the long dimension vertical relative to the player holding the card, the player always can see the value and suit in the upper half of each card from a right-reading perspective and not an upside-down-reading perspective regardless of which short edge is on top.	0
The capacitors B1 and B4 of the invention, which utilized carbon nanotubes as the carbon material and the temperature of the microwave activation process was 800° C. or higher, showed a larger capacity per unit electrode material weight than the comparative capacitor X1, which used, as the carbon material, activated carbon that was activated by an alkali activation process.	0
In addition to a type, source and target, the message descriptor may also contain a set of context elements that describe the ids of objects to be sent in the message. For instance, suppose the button “mainScreen#myButton” acts as a submit button to calculate data filled in on a form with fields “mainScreen#firstName” and “mainScreen#lastName”. It would be helpful in the handler for myButton if the values of the buttons on mainScreen were easy to access. In this case, the context for myButton's handler could be set to the object “mainScreen”, which would result in a copy of the mainScreen object and all of its data tree children to be easily accessible from within root.code.myButtonHandler. In cases where the message is delivered over the network, this syntax is imperative.	0
The cannula coupling assembly 44 also has a similar terminal or conductor that extends from NVRAM c 154 that terminates at a separate contact pad. The coupling assembly 116 of the supply electrode assembly 36 has contact pads that are complementary to the above two contact pads. The cable conductor that functions as the one-wire data bus is connected to the contact pad that connects to the cannula NVRAM c 154 . Internal to the control console 22 there is a NVRAM reader 164 . The conductor internal of the plurality of conductors 115 forming the one-wire NVRAM data bus is connected to the NVRAM reader 164 . The output data signals generated by NVRAM reader are supplied as input data to the microcontroller of the console 22 . The analog signal generated by thermocouple 120 is applied to an analog to digital converter 168 also internal to control console 22 . The digitized output signal from converter 168 is another input into the microcontroller 160 .	0
At step S 19 , the CPU 61 determines whether or not an angle r 0 at which the sewing time becomes shortest has been selected. When the angle r 0 at which the sewing time becomes shortest has not been selected (NO at step S 19 ), the CPU 61 proceeds to step S 21 . When the angle r 0 at which the sewing time becomes shortest has been selected (YES at step S 19 ), the CPU 61 proceeds to step S 23 . In order to execute processes at steps S 21 and S 23 , the CPU 61 reads an embroidery data processing program 622 from the ROM 62 , executing embroidery data processing. In the embodiment, embroidery data processing includes steps S 21 and S 23 .	0
Ser Val Thr Ala Trp Gly Arg Glu Tyr Ile Glu Leu Val Trp Lys Glu	0
In one embodiment of the present invention, the enable unit is an enable circuit including a first switching device that turns on to couple a first voltage source to an output line for setting the output to the first output logical state. In addition, the enable circuit includes a second switching device that turns on to couple a second voltage source to the output line for setting the output to the second output logical state. Furthermore, the enable circuit includes at least one logic gate for determining which of the first and second switches to turn on from the second subset of the inputs.	0
From the measurement results of Table 3 above, it can be seen that the cobalt existing in the infinitesimal amount range in a plating layer of a steel cord contributes to the aging adhesion improvement of the steel cord. It can also be seen that the aging adhesion becomes poor when the content of cobalt is less than or exceeds the concentration range of cobalt defined in the present invention.	0
Incorporating steerable functionality into tubular devices is known in the area of medical devices. Any such features can be incorporated into the systems herein, and specifically into the articulatable distal sheaths.	0
A switching chamber for a gas-insulated high-voltage switch is disclosed with a housing filled with insulating gas and a contact arrangement held in the housing, containing, in a coaxial arrangement, two switching pieces, which are capable of being displaced relative to one another along an axis, with in each case one arcing contact and in each case one tubular conductor, which is electrically conductively connected to the arcing contact and into which a rated current contact, which surrounds the arcing contact, is formed, an insulating nozzle, which surrounds the two arcing contacts, and a compression apparatus with a fixed piston and a cylinder,	0
The diamond may be contained in the lubricant additive composition in an amount of 0.01 to 3 weight percent (wt %), specifically 0.05 to 2 wt %, more specifically 0.1 to 1 wt %, based on the total weight of the lubricant additive composition. In an embodiment, the diamond may be contained in the lubricant additive composition in an amount of 0.0001 to 0.03 weight percent (wt %), specifically 0.0005 to 0.02 wt %, more specifically 0.001 to 0.01 wt %, based on the total weight of the lubricant additive composition.	0
TABLE 38 Example: Method Definition &#x3c;sqml:sq-class classid=“class_menubase” id=“main”> &#x3c;sqml:variable name=“index”>2&#x3c;/sqml:variable> &#x3c;function id=“previous”> &#x3c;sqml:eval expr=“{index := $index−1}” /> &#x3c;/function> &#x3c;/sqml:sq-class>	0
For example, in one specific embodiment variance in the efficiency with which different sequences are present in a captured sample can be reduced by employing relatively long capture probe polynucleotides. A particularly useful length can be, for example, long polynucleotides of at least about 35 nucleotides (nt), generally at least about 40 nt, particularly at least about 45 nt, and more particularly at least about 50 nt or longer. In other specific embodiments, the capture probes are selected to be predominantly full length or selected such that substantially all of the probes are full length, devoid of truncation during polynucleotide synthesis.	0
A method of preventing shield jamming caused by excessive friction in an earth pressure balance shield machine comprises the steps of:	0
The closeout member 52 of the preform 40 illustrated in FIGS. 2 and 2A is removed after bonding to produce the structural assembly 70 of FIG. 4. According to other embodiments of the present invention, the closeout member 52 can instead be bonded, formed, or otherwise processed during treatment of the preform 40 and used to produce a structural assembly. In this regard, the preform 40 illustrated in FIG. 6 includes a closeout member that includes two skin members 42 a , 44 a and a core member 46 a configured similar to the skin and core members 42 , 44 , 46 . In fact, the third and fourth skin members 42 a , 44 a and core member 46 a of the closeout member 52 can have a configuration that is similar or dissimilar to the first and second skin members 42 , 44 and core member 46 . Further, the second die 16 can define a contour surface 17 that corresponds to the shape of the fourth skin member 44 a and defines a desired contour of the structural assembly 70 . In this way, the preform 40 can define three gas chambers, i.e., a third gas chamber 48 a between the third and fourth skin members 42 a , 44 a , in addition to the first and second gas chambers 48 , 54 . A gas connection to the third gas chamber 48 a can be provided so that the third chamber 48 a can be pressurized independently of the first and second chambers 48 , 54 . During processing, the third gas chamber 48 a can be pressurized to a pressure similar to the pressure in the first chamber 48 . That is, the first and third chambers 48 , 48 a can be pressurized to prevent crushing of the core members 46 , 46 a using sources 80 , 80 a and regulation devices 84 , 84 a or a single source and regulation device. Meanwhile the second chamber 54 can be pressurized, typically to a greater pressure, to urge the first and third skin members 42 , 42 a against the respective contour surfaces 15 , 17 of the dies 14 , 16 and urge the skin members 42 , 44 , 42 a , 44 a against the respective core members 46 , 46 a to form bonds between the skin and core members.	0
In a further embodiment, the insulating portion and the electrically conductive portion can be connected to one another by means of a plug connection. The plug connection ensure particularly easy assembly and disassembly of the components so as to ensure fast and easy replacement of one single component.	0
The inherent viscosity using chloroform as a solvent was 1.05 dl/g. The molecular weight, M n and M w , as determined by GPC using dichloromethane were 74 kDa and 132 kDa, respectively. The melting temperature and heat of fusion, as determined by differential scanning calorimetry, were 149.3° C. and 29.2 J/g, respectively.	0
The antibody or fragment also includes a “Dual Acting Fab” or “DAF” comprising an antigen binding site that binds to a first antigen as well as another, different antigen (see, US 2008/0069820, for example).	0
Further, the algorithm is executed by the CPU 20 of the terminal or the control unit 101 of the server.	0
Accordingly, in one embodiment the present invention provides an initiation device for initiation of an explosives charge, which comprises:	0
Ile Ile Asp Ala Glu Lys Val Glu Lys Lys Phe Leu Gly Arg Pro Ile	0
The semiconductor switching elements 9 , 10 of the power convertor units 7 , 8 can be suitable to be brought into a partially conductive state in which they have a resistance R v , which can be predetermined by the control 11 . Using such a device, the semiconductor switching elements can be brought by the control circuit to a desired power loss level in a simple and precise manner, even when the duration of the partially conductive state cannot be adjusted in a simple manner. Data relating to this can be stored in the data store 34 of the monitoring control circuit 15 .	0
No two objects in the process's superstructure may have the same instance name. If a new object is created with a pre-existing instance name, the old object is completely replaced by the new object. In some cases, a programmer may wish to create a temporary object and want to ensure that the name does not conflict with a previously created object. A special programming primitive allows the programmer to create a new name for an object that is guaranteed to be unique.	0
Regarding tumor immunity, tumor antigen-specific CD8 + T cells appear to persistently express BTLA. It has been reported that CpG vaccination partially down-regulates the expression of BTLA in tumor antigen-specific CD8 + T cells and blocks the BTLA/HVEM-mediated inhibitory signal. Although blocking the BTLA/HVEM pathway seems to be relevant as a means to enhance effector T cell functions, careful attention should be paid to the complexity of HVEM-interacting molecules. CD160, an IgSF inhibitory receptor, also binds HVEM. In addition, LIGHT, a TNF family member, delivers a costimulatory signal upon engagement with HVEM. These multiple pathways make it difficult for us to establish novel therapeutic interventions for malignancies.	0
The macro porous lattice structure 120 of the central body portion 130 has pores 150 ranging in size from 2 mm to 10 mm in each of the X, Y and Z planes, and the strut 140 thicknesses range in size from 0.3 mm to 5 mm. According to an exemplary embodiment, the pores 150 are about 5.5 mm×5.5 mm×4 mm with strut 140 thicknesses ranging from 0.5 mm to 2 mm. The individual struts 140 comprising the body-lattice structure 120 are non-planar, irregular and not placed according to a regular or repeating pattern. The strut 140 thickness varies throughout the length of the individual strut 140 —in other words, the individual struts 140 have varying thickness across the strut 140 . According to these exemplary embodiments, the macroporous lattice body 120 has a surface roughness comprising a surface texture ranging in depth from 0.45 μm to 7 μm. In the embodiment shown in FIG. 4, the individual struts 140 have a greater thickness at each end of the strut 140 , i.e., where the individual strut 140 terminates and/or connects to another individual strut 140 , than in the middle of the strut 140 . According to another aspect of the exemplary embodiment illustrated in FIG. 4, the minimum and maximum thicknesses of each strut 140 vary from strut to strut.	0
In an exemplary embodiment, the asphaltic adhesive compositions useful for self-adhering membranes contemplated herein include at least a tackifier and a plasticizer, where the additives excluding polymers comprise from about 5 to about 35 wt. %, or from about 15 to about 30 wt. %, or from about 25 to about 28 wt. % of the asphalt adhesive composition in various embodiments. Other concentrations are also possible. Other additives are also possible. In an exemplary embodiment, the asphaltic adhesive useful for self-adhering membranes comprises a plasticizer at from about 15 to about 20 wt. %, or about 16 to 19 wt. %, or about 16 to 18 wt. %, and a tackifier at from about 5 to about 15 wt. %, or from about 7 to 13 wt. %, or from about 8 to about 10 wt. %, all based on the total weight of the adhesive. In one exemplary embodiment, the plasticizer is a naphthenic oil, and the tackifier is a terpene resin. In some embodiments, the asphaltic adhesive compositions useful for shingles contemplated herein include, excluding polymers, from about 0 to about 10 wt. %, or from about 0 to about 5 wt. %, or from about 0 to about 2 wt. % additives, based on the total weight of the asphaltic composition.	0
The present invention relates generally to the field of systems management.	0
However, according to the present embodiment, the flow of the residual gas in a space between the injection holes 12 a and the base substrate 111 is prevented by, for example, sucking, from the exhaust vents 13 a , the raw material gas which remains in the space. That is, the raw material gas supplied to the base substrate 111 flows in a direction indicated by an arrow c and moves in a direction indicated by an arrow d so as to be exhausted from the exhaust vents 13 a.	0
As shown in FIG. 9, first image data is stored in the memory 360 (S 1 ). Examples of the first image data may include an image captured by the camera 321 , image data obtained from the interface unit 370 , webpage image and the like. A user generates an output command through the user input unit 330 such that the first image data is output on the display units 113 and 123 (see FIG. 8) (S 2 ). According to the output command, a main part of the first image data is output on the first display unit 113 , and a sub part of the first image data is output on the second display unit 123 (S 3 ). Under this state, when the user rotates the mobile terminal 100 , the sensing unit 340 detects the rotation (S 4 ). As aforementioned, the sensing unit 340 for detecting the rotation may include at least one of the gyro sensor 341 and the acceleration sensor 342 . When the rotation of the mobile terminal 100 is detected by the sensing unit 340 , the first image data is rotated to be displayed over the first and second display units 113 and 123 (S 5 ) (swap displaying). Here, the first image data may be shifted to the first display unit 113 so as to be displayed. A control menu, information related to the first image data or second image data may be displayed on a sub part non-displayed region of the second display unit 123 on which the sub part of the first image data is output, which will be described later in detail with reference to FIG. 12.	0
In the embodiments in FIGS. 1A-1F, proximal filter 16 includes support element or frame 15 and filter element 17 , while distal filter 22 includes support element 21 and filter element 23 . The support elements generally provide expansion support to the filter elements in their respective expanded configurations, while the filter elements are adapted to filter fluid, such as blood, and trap particles flowing therethrough. The expansion supports are adapted to engage the wall of the lumen in which they are expanded. The filter elements have pores therein that are sized to allow the blood to flow therethrough, but are small enough to prevent unwanted foreign particles from passing therethrough. The foreign particles are therefore trapped by and within the filter elements.	0
In some examples, a location scoring service can process location information to provide the location scores. In some examples, the location scores can be determined based on a distance between the airport, e.g., AUS, and the locations of the search results. In some examples, a location that is near to the airport can have a higher score than a location that is further from the airport. In some examples, a location score can range between a minimum value, e.g., 0, and a maximum value, e.g., 1. In some examples, if a distance between a location associated with a search result and the airport exceeds a first threshold difference, e.g., 100 miles, the location score for the search result is set equal to the minimum value. In some examples, if a distance between a location associated with a search result and the airport is below a second threshold difference, e.g., 10 miles, the location score for the search result is set equal to the maximum value.	0
Met Glu Gly Xaa Glu Glu Leu Lys Xaa Leu Ala Phe Asp Ile Glu Thr	0
Leu Val Asn Gly Ala Gln Leu Cys Gly Gly Thr Leu Ile Asn Thr Ile	0
Leu Ser Leu Pro Ala Cys Pro Glu Glu Ser Pro Leu Leu Val Gly Pro	0
By disposing the device air inlet 215 and the device air outlet 218 on the thawing device 200 , when no thawing instruction is received, the thawing chamber 214 may be configured for placement of food materials, so that a storage space in the refrigerator 10 is fully utilized.	0
FIG. 10 shows a scheme where the absorption column ( 102 ) and desorption column ( 100 ) of FIG. 6 are replaced by at least two vessels ( 300 , 302 ) containing a solid capable of adsorbing CO 2 from stream 30 at a first temperature and desorbing CO 2 into the first fuel gas ( 10 ) at a second temperature that is higher than the said first temperature. Preferably, vessels 300 and 302 operate cyclically and by means of valves V 1 to V 8 . Stream 30 is first directed to vessel 302 to adsorb most of the residual CO 2 and a heated first fuel gas stream ( 10 ) is passed through vessel 300 to desorb CO 2 that has previously been adsorbed from stream 30 . When the adsorption capacity of the solids in vessel 302 is near saturation valves V 1 , V 3 , V 5 and V 7 are closed and valves V 2 , V 4 , V 6 and V 8 are simultaneously opened so that stream 30 is directed to vessel 300 while a heated first fuel gas stream is passed through vessel 302 to desorb CO 2 that has been previously adsorbed from stream 30 . Hence, such switching of valves V 1 -V 8 results in the flow of stream 30 being redirected to vessel 300 and the first fuel gas stream being redirected to vessel 302 ; the flow of product gas ( 50 ) being derived from vessel 300 ( 50 a ) instead of vessel 302 ( 50 b ); and of the flow of second fuel gas ( 12 ) being derived from vessel 302 ( 12 b ) instead of from vessel 300 ( 12 a ).	0
In one embodiment, the present invention provides a method of reducing the dosing frequency of a Factor VII (FVII) polypeptide, comprising the step of attaching three to five chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby reducing the dosing frequency of said FVII polypeptide. In another embodiment, the present invention provides a method of reducing the dosing frequency of a Factor VII (FVII) polypeptide, comprising the step of attaching three chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby reducing the dosing frequency of said FVII polypeptide. In another embodiment, the present invention provides a method of reducing the dosing frequency of a Factor VII (FVII) polypeptide, comprising the step of attaching five chorionic gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) to the carboxy terminus of said FVII polypeptide, thereby reducing the dosing frequency of said FVII polypeptide.	0
A program in accordance with the present invention causes a computer, which is included in an image feeding device having a feeding side communication unit, to function as: a feeding side communication control unit that allows the feeding side communication unit to transmit image information to a display device and that if mute designation for an image in the display device has been changed from invalidation to validation, allows the feeding side communication unit to receive suspension-of-feed instructing information from the display device; and an instruction deciding unit that decides whether the suspension-of-feed instructing information has been received and that if the suspension-of-feed instructing information has been received, allows the feeding side communication unit to cease transmission of the image information.	0
In the first aspect of the invention, the excitation light is preferably of a wavelength not in a visible range.	0
To eliminate such problems, namely variations in the degree of anticancer agent degradation resulting from humidity fluctuations and inefficient apparatus operation, humidity monitoring is conducted in the course of ozone degradation treatment, and the termination of anticancer agent degradation treatment is determined with consideration given to humidity measurement.	0
I have also found that a filter containing a formulated rosemary powder can reduce considerably the BPDE-dG level due CS oxygen generated radical, and that my discoveries can be used for cigarette filters which reduce the formation of carcinogenic BPDE-dG adduct in bronchial epithelial cells.	0
Histidyl residues are derivatized by reaction with diethylpyrocarbonate at pH 5.5-7.0 because this agent is relatively specific for the histidyl side chain. Para-bromophenacyl bromide also is useful; the reaction is preferably performed in 0.1M sodium cacodylate at pH 6.0.	0
As the alcohol, there may be, for example, mentioned methanol, ethanol, propanol, butanol, pentanol, hexanol, glycerol, and the like.	0
FIGS. 6A and 6B are views for explaining a procedure for changing the plate thickness of any portion of the work using the ironing apparatus according to the embodiment;	0
The interface unit 370 may interface the mobile terminal 100 and external devices so as to allow data exchange therebetween or the like. For example, the interface unit 370 may be at least one of a wired/wireless access terminal for earphones, a short-range communication port (e.g., IrDA port, BLUETOOTH port, wireless Lan port, and the like), and power supply terminals for supplying power to the mobile terminal.	0
The force-distributing cranial support 100 generally has an environmental oriented face 104 and a patient oriented face 106 , which provide the outer surfaces surrounding a multi-layered cushion assembly 136 , which preferably includes a gel assembly 138 as described further herein. In some embodiments, the environmental oriented face 104 further comprises a medial environmental-face component 108 and two lateral environmental-face components 110 a and 110 b (the latter being numbered in FIG. 3). The patient oriented face 106 is oriented opposite the environmental oriented face 104 . The force-distributing cranial support 100 further comprises a cephalic edge 112 and a caudal edge 114 , which in use orients the cephalic edge 112 towards a crown 211 of the subject's head 210 and the caudal edge 114 towards a neck 116 of the subject.	0
In addition, respective temperatures of the upper and lower positions vertically spaced in each of the first region and the second region are detected, so that, if defective fluidization occurs in one of the regions, the defective fluidization can be reliably detected. Specifically, in a situation where, when the fluidizing gas is supplied from the bottom wall into the fluidized bed, the fluidizable particles in a region supplied with the fluidizing gas is in a sufficiently fluidized state, the supplied fluidizing gas will easily move upwardly through the fluidized bed. However, if defective fluidization occurs in the region, the fluidizing gas becomes hard to move upwardly through the fluidized bed. Thus, in the region having the defective fluidization, the fluidizable particles are not sufficiently agitated, which causes a temperature difference between the upper and lower positions. This temperature difference is detected to detect the defective fluidization.	0
Computer 32 may further contain program code executable by its processor to process telemetry signals transmitted by the telemetry apparatus 50 in the concurrent shared or confirmation modes. More particularly, when the transmission was made in the concurrent shared mode, program code may be executed which combines the measurement data from the MP and EM data channels into a single data stream for display to the operator. When the transmission was made in the concurrent confirmation mode, program code may be executed which compares the received EM and MP telemetry signals and selects the telemetry signal providing the highest confidence value to decode and obtain the measurement data.	0
In the first embodiment, the example is explained in which the start point, the intermediate point, and the end point are set in each density range as the control points and at the time of density range adjustment, the control points are selectively used depending on the combination of the density ranges to be adjusted. In a second embodiment, an image processing apparatus is explained, which is capable of easily preserving tone properties in relation to the density adjustment of the density range for which a higher degree of tone reproducibility is required, such as a highlight part and a shadow part, by further adding the control points.	0
In FIG. 5, reference numeral 30 designates a pair of boom pivots formed through the side plates 23 and 25 respectively, 31 designates a pair of boom cylinder pivot pins provided for the side plates 25, and 32 designates bucket cylinder pivots formed at the center of the upper plate 24.	0
1 H-NMR (500.13 MHz, DMSO-d 6 ) δ: 8.23 (s, 1H, H8), 7.84 (d, 2H, Bz-m, J=7.5 Hz), 7.50 (t, 1H, Bz-p, J=7.3 Hz), 7.42 (t, 2H, H Bz-o, J=7.5 Hz), 6.25 (t, 1H, H1′, J=7.0 Hz), 5.21 (s, 1H, OH), 4.89 (s, 1H, OH), 4.33 (s, 1H, H3′), 3.77 (s, 1H, H4′), 3.50-3.53 (m, 1H, H5′), 3.43-3.46 (m, 1H, H5″), 3.48 (br, 6H, N—CH 3 ), 2.56-2.61 (m, 1H, H2′), 2.16-2.18 (m, 1H, H2″).	0
Alternatively or additionally, the entry angle is substantially perpendicular to the first angle.	0
With a particular drop down hopper configuration it was demonstrated with 200 mesh that the feed rate is partially controllable by varying the auger speed, but this control may be limited by the basic drop down powder feed rate, which is controlled, by the vibration and the shape of the hopper and the outlet opening. Thus, in certain embodiments, the basic intermediate hopper system used for furnaces may be sized for the powder used and the BTU rating for the unit.	0
This guarantees lances to be taken out even in case of a damage in the lance sliding.	0
(11) In a state where the deviation ΔT 1 is in a range from a negative value to a positive value, and the deviation ΔT 2 is positive, when the flow rate of coolant through the device with the deviation ΔT 1 is higher than or equal to a predetermined flow rate, the temperature of the device with a large amount of deviation is controlled through the adjustment of the flow rate of refrigerant, and the flow rate of coolant through both of the devices is set to be higher than or equal to a predetermined flow rate, and when the flow rate of coolant through the device with the deviation ΔT 1 is lower than the predetermined flow rate, the temperature of the device with the deviation ΔT 2 is controlled through the adjustment of the flow rate of refrigerant, and the temperature of the device with the deviation ΔT 1 is controlled through the adjustment of the flow rate of coolant.	0
This invention relates to ribbed concrete ceilings of the type built over removable form molds, and provides an improved method of preparing, with a system of elongated domes, for the construction of such ceilings.	0
In FIG. 17 the convex expanse 436 is formed to follow a curve profile of the distal edge 432 of the blade 408 . The convex expanse 436 has a complex curved shape including a distal portion that has relatively high curvature and a proximal portion that has less curvature. The relative curvatures can be seen in comparing the leading edge portion in of blade 408 A and the curvature of the trailing edge portion of the blade 408 B in FIG. 17. In this embodiment, the blades 408 A, 408 B are identical but are mounted at spaced apart locations, e.g., 120 degrees from each other. Though the structure is not easily rendered in a two dimensional format, the portion A at the leading edge 420 has a higher curvature than the portion B disposed between the leading edge 420 and the trailing edges 424 .	0
It is to be understood that both the foregoing general description and the following detailed description are illustrative and explanatory only, and are not restrictive of the invention as claimed.	0
Leu Glu Phe Val Lys Tyr Ile Asn Ser Lys Leu Pro Gly Leu Leu Glu	0
Adsorber 2, placed on its copurge step having completed its adsorption step, contains straight-chain olefin and branched-chain olefin and normal hexane in the gas or vapor phase. It is the purpose of the copurge step to transfer at least a major amount of the branched-chain olefin left in the adsorber after the adsorption step to the branched-chain olefin distillation and product recovery system.	0
FIG. 22 shows a state in which the top-side inclined surface 36 ps of the abutment projection 36 of the annular plate member 35 has abutted the tip end of the engaging pawl Rp of the swingable lever R. As the top-side inclined surface 36 ps is the gentle slope, large force is exerted to the engaging pawl Rp to press the same toward the center axis of rotation from the top-side inclined surface 36 ps.	0
The explosives charge to be initiated by light and the light source are selected based on the required outcome and the two must be paired accordingly. Examples of light sources that may be used include solid state lasers, laser diodes, LEDs and other electronic light sources. Compact design and low power consumption are desirable characteristics for the light source. By way of example a 1-10 W power laser may be suitable for use in the invention. The laser wavelength may be within the near infra-red region and indeed this is preferred, although other wavelengths may be used. A fibre optic and/or lens may be required to channel and focus the laser output, although direct irradiation of the explosives charge would be preferred as this would simplify overall design.	0
When receiving the request to start the display job, the CPU 401 registers this display job to the non-processed queue. Since the preview function defines the job connected to the request queue as the subject to be displayed, the job is connected to the execution queue when the display job is requested. Accordingly, when the request to start the display job is received, it is not conceivable that the display job is connected to the execution queue.	0
The sheet conveying unit 120 includes a sheet feeding path 121 for guiding the sheet (S) between the feed roller 116 and the fixing unit 111 , and a duplex path 122 for duplex printing. The sheet conveying unit 120 is provided with a registration roller 118 . The registration roller 118 registers the sheet (S) such that the color toner images can be transferred onto a desired portion of the sheet (S), before the sheet (S), which is conveyed from the feed roller 116 , passes between the transfer belt 105 and the transfer roller 112 . The conveyed sheet (S) passes between the transfer belt 105 and the transfer roller 112 such that the color toner images are transferred onto the sheet (S). The toner image transferred onto the sheet (S) is fixed to the sheet (S) by the fixing unit 111 , and the sheet (S) is discharged from the image forming apparatus 100 by the discharge roller 117 .	0
The projective image is next automatically correlated with the satellite image. A variety of known mathematical techniques can be utilized in this operation, including dot product computation, transforming to spatial frequency domain, convolution, etc. In a lay sense, the correlation can be imagined as sliding one map over the other until the best registration between the two images is obtained.	0
An embodiment of a growth unit included in a production apparatus of the present invention is described with reference to FIGS. 1 and 2. FIG. 1 is a view schematically showing a configuration of a growth unit 10 of an aligned CNT aggregate production apparatus in accordance with Embodiment 1. FIG. 2 is a view schematically showing how a raw material gas flows in the growth unit 10 .	0
Pro Val Leu Glu Leu Phe Asn Asp Leu Leu Arg Glu Leu Leu Glu Ala	0
MOD-5014 PK Parameters Novoseven RT (A) (RS 12-001) (B) Half-life-α (0.5-4 hr) 0.24 1.04 Half-life-β (4-58 hr) 1.31 3.17 AUC o-inf mU/ml * h 702467.95 820778.67 Vss [U/Kg/(mU/ml)] 0.13 0.13 CL [(U/Kg)/(mU/ml)/h] 0.08 0.04 MRT (hr) 1.74 3.62	0
The BS can perform the scheduling process in such a manner that the offset counting can be performed only considering the backward compatible CC or non-backward compatible CC in the carrier scheduling process, and the BS may distinguish objective CCs capable of receiving the PDCCH from other CCs incapable of receiving the PDCH, and perform indexing of the distinguished CCs. That is, even in the case of scheduling the backward compatible CC and the extension CC, the BS may discriminate between a CC capable of receiving a PDCCH and a CC capable of receiving a PDCCH. In this case, during the carrier scheduling process, the BS performs counting of CCs, that are located in the vicinity of a PDCCH reception CC and are incapable of receiving a PDCCH, and performs indexing of the counted CCs. Alternatively, the BS counts only CCs incapable of receiving the PDCCH and then schedules the counted result.	0
Internal Network Header—An Ethernet header prepended to the packet (which has already been prepended with a Forwarding Header), to make sure that the Ethernet switch fabric 102 can forward the resulting packet to the appropriate destination TMD 106 , 108 . Since the Ethernet Switch Fabric 102 will forward only a legal Ethernet packet, the Internal Network Header must be a legal Ethernet header. However, the information in the Internal Network Header is essentially the same as in the Forwarding Header.	0
The invention further provides a blasting system comprising an initiation device in accordance with the invention and blast control equipment that is adapted to transmit wireless command signals to the device.	0
wherein said fins are each substantially radially directed with respect to said axial axis yet are of a profile and are spaced and formed in a material [preferably selected from the group consisting of TPE, TPR, TPU and TPV] such that each, without any substantial interference of the other, can assume a configuration for a conduit, say, in the range of from 4 to 5.5 mm diameter to be cleaned and/or a conduit, say, in the range of from 2 to 3.5 mm diameter.	0
When the job is the display job (Yes in step S 35 ), the CPU 401 controls the procedure of the execution of the display job, and further, controls the hardware resource required for the execution (step S 37 ). The control of the procedure of the execution and the control of the hardware resource are continued until the execution of the display job is completed (step S 39 ). After the execution of the display job is completed, the routine is ended.	0
Cellulosic materials may also be treated with semi-durable flame retardants that are required to withstand not only leaching in water, but also a limited number of launderings. The most obvious means of obtaining semi-durable flame resistance is the application of insoluble salts. However, water-insoluble inorganic salts generally do not easily decompose on heating. Thus, the flame-retarding effectiveness of semi-durable compositions are limited to insoluble salts of amphoteric cations or anions, for example, the phosphates or borates of tin, zinc, and aluminum. Easily-reducible metal oxides are also capable of catalytically altering the course of the thermal decomposition of cellulose and combine water-insolubility with flame-retarding properties. Such compounds are, for example, stannic, ferric, titanic, chromic, zinc, cerium, bismuth, tungsten, arsenic, and silicon oxide.	0
The toner aggregation rate was calculated by the following formula:	0
TABLE 5 Dilution Concentration factor of the factor of concentrated Crystallisation Crystallization Yield Purity by harvest harvest conditions volume, mL (%) SEC (%) 5 2.5 40% (v/v) concentrated 6 53 92 harvest, 10 mM histidine, 12 mM TRIS, 2% PEG10000, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8 5 2.5 40% (v/v) concentrated 6 46 81 harvest, 10 mM histidine, 2% PEG10000, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8 4 2.5 40% (v/v) concentrated 8 57 92 harvest, 10 mM histidine, 2% PEG10000, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8 10 3.3 30% (v/v) concentrated 6 58 93 harvest, 10 mM histidine, 2% PEG10000, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8 10 3.3 30% (v/v) concentrated 6 66 87 harvest, 10 mM histidine, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8 10 3.3 30% (v/v) concentrated 6 65 94 harvest, 10 mM histidine, 1% PEG10000, acetic acid to adjust the pH to 6.8	0
In another aspect, a three-dimensional object comprises: a plurality of layers of hard material stacked and bonded together to form a shape of the three-dimensional object, wherein a boundary between two of the plurality of layers defines a layering plane, which plurality of layers comprises: a first section comprising a first microstructure associated with being formed at a first solidification rate; and a second section comprising: (i) a second microstructure associated with being formed at a second solidification rate that is different from the first solidification rate, and (ii) an exterior surface corresponding to at least a fraction of an exterior surface of the three-dimensional object, wherein a vector normal to a point on the exterior surface of the second section that intersects (1) the layering plane or (2) a plane parallel to the layering plane, defines a non-perpendicular angle with respect to the layering plane.	0
These and other objects and advantage of this invention will become more fully apparent as this description proceeds, reference being made to the accompanying drawings.	0
Although the present invention has been described in considerable detail with reference to certain preferred embodiments thereof, other embodiments are possible.	0
SimpleOS provides a novel model for network communication between the client and server if an application calls for such interaction. The developer is free to write server-side logic in any XML-enabled server programming language including Java, C++, Perl, Tcl, Shell and many others. Using an innovative methodology, small pieces of the application super-structure itself are shifted back and forth between the device and the server, allowing virtually any operation on the device to be performed by the server. This complete flexibility allows the programmer to adopt any request/response paradigm he chooses. Because of the abstraction offered by the application superstructure, the developer has continuous flexibility to locate application logic either on the device or on a remote server.	0
The stationary phase used in the methods of first and second inventions is silica gel. The silica gel may be properly selected from commercial products. The silica gel is preferably spherical. A particle diameter of the silica gel is preferably 30 to 300 μm, further preferably 40 to 100 μm. The silica gel has preferably pH in a range between a weak acid and neutral. The silica gel preferably has pH between 5 and 7.5, further preferably 6.5 and 7.5, as determined on a water dispersion at 25 degrees C. containing 10 weight % of the silica gel. If basic silica gel is used, a carboxyl group in the perfluoropolyether is trapped by the silica gel, so that the perfluoropolyether having a carboxyl group may not be collected. The aforesaid determination of pH is as the Japanese Industrial Standards (JIS) Z 0701, Silicagel Desiccants for Packaging.	0
Once unfurled, the airfoil is oriented in the wind by controlling the position of the boom apex as it pivots about the diametrical brace cable. A line is attached to the outer point of the boom. This line passes through a sheave on the rim of the wheel and thence to a reel spool in the hub which is controlled by an electric motor. This line will provide further support to the wind loaded boom assembly.	0
Specific examples of compounds according to formula (II) include the following:	0
Rotation of the γ subunit was detected with a 40 nm bead when the bead was attached obliquely to the axis of rotation. A sulfydryl group in the γ subunit was engineered using site-directed mutagenesis to covalently react with, for example, biotin maleimide. Streptavidin, with its multiple high affinity binding sites for biotin, was then anchored specifically at this location. Single stranded DNA 30-mers were also biotinylated in order to bind F1 via Streptavidin. Sited-directed mutagenesis was also employed to extend the α subunit N-terminus by 6 histidine residues to create a his-tag. Nickel generally has a high affinity for his-tags that enables the F1 to bind to nickel dots deposited on the surface of an assay chip. This binding generally positions the enzyme with the single stranded probe DNA away from the chip surface and with the axis of rotation normal to the surface. The his-tag also dramatically simplifies the purification of the enzyme from the bacteria.	0
Further, a control output of the control device 16 may also be connected to the pin driving devices 6 , that are used to drive movements of the support pins 5 between the extended support position and the retracted position. When a substrate W supported on the support pins 5 is lowered, the air in the space between the substrate W and the substrate support location 4 has to be pushed out of this space in order to place the substrate W on the substrate support location 4 . This air is partly taken away by the air sucked out of the vacuum sections 9 , 10 a - 10 d , but also leaves the space at the sides between the substrate W and the substrate support location 4 . Thus, the movement of the support pins 5 has an influence on the pressures prevailing in the space between the substrate W and the substrate support location 4 . Therefore, controlling by the control device 16 of the movement of the support pins 5 , for example the speed of the movement, has direct influence on the spatial pressure profile SPP of the vacuum clamping device 7 .	0
As used herein “sheath” includes sleave and any alternative thereto.	0
Since the communications gateway 103 has all of the elements of a node 155 , the device operates in a manner like any other node 155 of the elevated mesh network 160 if the communications gateway 103 is only functioning as a node 155 . However, if the communications gateway 103 needs to forward information to or receive information from the asynchronous middleware communications system 112 , then the additional components of the gateway 103 can be utilized.	0
FIG. 1A is an exemplary view of a first optical component sample of the present invention in an exemplary form of an exemplary fiber core in accordance with the present invention;	0
Referring to FIGS. 9 and 10, the fourth preferred embodiment of a resistance generating device according to this invention is shown to be similar to those of the previous embodiments. The difference resides in that the actuating mechanism 6 includes a stem 65 and a cam mechanism. The stem 65 is fixed on the casing 51 , extends along the rotating axis (X), and is spaced apart from the rotatable shaft 43 . The first magnetically attractive member 57 surrounds the stem 65 and is shiftable relative to the stem 65 along the rotating axis (X). The cam mechanism includes a cam surface 572 in the form of a groove formed in the first magnetically attractive member 57 , and a cam follower 66 in the form of a stud secured to the stem 65 . Thus, when the first magnetically attractive member 57 is dragged to rotate relative to the stem 65 by a torque which is imparted to the first magnetically attractive member 57 as a result of accelerating rotation of the second magnetically attractive member 56 to the higher speed, the cam follower 66 is moved along the cam surface 572 so as to shift the first magnetically attractive member 57 towards the second magnetically attractive member 56 . The biasing member 58 is a torsion spring which is disposed to bias the first magnetically attractive member 57 to return to the normal position to be away from the second magnetically attractive member 56 .	0
As shown in Table 3, the capsule toners of Examples 1 to 15 had good fixability. However, the capsule toners of Examples 4, 5, 13 and 14 in which the addition amount of the low viscosity fine resin particles to the total amount of the fine resin particles fell outside the preferred range of 30% by weight or more and 70% by weight or less showed relatively high fixing lower limit temperature and slightly decreased low temperature fixability, or showed relatively low upper limit temperature and slightly decreased hot offset resistance. The capsule toners of Examples 6 to 11 in which the complex viscosity of the low viscosity fine resin particles fell outside the preferred range of 5.0×10 2 Pa·s or more and 1.0×10 3 Pa·s or less, or the complex viscosity of the high viscosity fine resin particles fell outside the preferred range of 1.0×10 4 Pa·s or more and 1.0×10 5 Pa·s or less showed slightly decreased low temperature fixability or hot offset resistance. Example 12 in which the complex viscosities of the low viscosity fine resin particles and the high viscosity fine resin particles were higher than the above preferred range showed decreased low temperature fixability. Example 15 in which fine resin particle mixture was not used showed slightly decreased fixability and hot offset resistance.	0
Alternatively, an application defined by the superstructure can be transmitted via a peer to peer transaction from a first device in which the application is instantiated, to a second device for instantiation in the second device (FIG. 1J, 178 , 179 ).	0
((2,2-dimethyl-6-oxotetrahydrofuro[3,4-d][1,3]dioxol-4-yl)methyl 2-bromo-2,2-difluoro acetate) (4.1) was prepared according the following procedure. 2,3-O-Isopropylidene-D-ribonic-γ-lactone (25.00 g, 0.133 mol) was dissolved in 250 mL anhydrous acetonitrile followed by addition of anhydrous pyridine (11.57 g, 0.146 mol) under nitrogen. The rapidly stirred solution was cooled on an ice bath. 2-Bromo-2,2-difluoroacetyl chloride (28.20 g, 0.146 mol) added dropwise over 15 min. The reaction was stirred at room temperature under nitrogen for 16 h. The solvent was removed by rotary evaporation, and the residual oily material was dissolved in dichloromethane (200 mL), and washed with H 2 O (100 mL), 200 mL 1 N HCl, and 200 mL saturated aqueous NaHCO 3 , and dried on MgSO 4 , and the solvent removed by rotary evaporation to yield a clear oil. This was dried under vacuum at ambient temperature to give 45 g (98% yield) of oily product (4.1). 1 H NMR (CDCl 3 , 300 MHz): δ 1.42 (s, 3H), 1.50 (s, 3H), 4.49 (d, 1H), 4.75 (m, 2H), 4.86 (s, 2H). 19 F NMR: δ−61.79.	0
The above calculation formulas for F 1 , F 2 , F 3 , F 4 and F 5 is referred to the information in earth pressure balance shield machine (soft soil) provided by the Urban Construction Industry Standard of the People's Republic of China CJ/T284-2008-φ5.5 m˜φ7 m.	0
Meanwhile, an atmosphere, in which the semiconductor ingot is pulled up, is mostly occupied by a substitution gas which is an inert gas and also contains a very small amount of oxide which is generated by a reaction between the silicon melt 8 and the quartz crucible 4 . Thus, the atmosphere in which the semiconductor ingot is pulled up has a considerably small amount of oxygen in comparison with air, so that the tungsten wire 9 is substantially not oxidized at a temperature of about 400° C.	0
“You guys want to know what my stripper name would be?”	0
U.S. Pat. No. 6,831,302 teaches a structure comprising a multi-layer stack of materials, a layer of reflective material capable of reflecting at least about 50% of light impinging thereon and wherein a surface of a n-doped material, such as n-GaN, has a dielectric function that varies spatially according to some pattern. U.S. 2005/0227379 teaches shaping a surface of a semiconductor layer with a laser to improve the light extraction efficiency. Alternatively a substrate may contain three dimensional geometric light extraction patterns or a light emitting element on a substrate contains at least one layer with a pattern to produce light extraction features.	0
Heart disease is a major health problem that has high mortality rate. Physicians increasingly use mechanical circulatory support systems for treating heart failure. The treatment of acute heart failure requires a device that can provide support to the patient quickly. Physicians desire treatment options that can be deployed quickly and minimally-invasively.	0
Another embodiment comprises an improved anti-stall tool which produces a controlled translational motion of the drill bit that increases drilling efficiency. The anti-stall tool controls the force applied to the drill bit during drilling to prevent the drill bit from stalling under load. The anti-stall tool comprises one or more hydraulic cylinders for applying an axial force in either a forward or reverse direction, and a controller adapted to control the force applied by the one or more hydraulic cylinders to the drill bit in response to sensed working pressure of the drive motor during drilling operations. The controller comprises a system for adjusting WOB when working pressure exceeds either end of a working pressure range of the drive motor. The system includes (1) a passive stage for maintaining WOB when working pressure is within a preset normal operating range, (2) an active stage for applying pressure to the one or more cylinders to increase WOB when sensed working pressure is below a preset limit, and (3) a reverse stage for reversing pressure to the one or more cylinders to reduce WOB and thereby retract the drill bit from the bottom when sensed working pressure is above a preset limit. The tool is normally controlled to apply WOB at pressures within a desired wide range of pressures. When reaching a preset anti-stall pressure, the tool is reversed to reduce WOB and does not resume applying WOB over a preset wide range of PDM back-pressure drop.	0
CgtB amino acid sequences can be analyzed to identify conserved amino acid residues. For example, the ClustalX program was used to align the CgtB OH4384 , CgtB 11168 , and CgtB HS10 proteins. Results are shown in FIG. 2. Identical amino acid residues in all three sequences are white on a black background; those identical between any two sequences are white on a gray background (see FIG. 2A). FIG. 2B shows the percentages of identity and similarity between any two of CgtB proteins as assigned in Genedoc.	0
At timing t- 2 the switch control line SWE is at the low logic level, the switch circuit SW is turned on, and the plate-line driver PLD applies Vee (=0 V) to the plate line PL. Vee is also applied to the bit line BL by the precharger PLD. The word line WL is at the low logic level and the selection transistor SLTr is turned off, so the first terminal TFe 1 of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe is disconnected from the bit line BL and is in an electrically floating state. The sense amplifier enable line SAE is at the low logic level and the sense amplifier SA is in the high-impedance state, electrically disconnected from the bit line BL. The symbol p 0 indicates the initial polarization of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe at timing t- 2 ; the voltage VFe across the terminals of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe is substantially 0 V.	0
Although the plurality of clients 200 are illustrated as being connected to the network 300 in FIG. 1, the plurality of clients 200 may also be connected to individual networks. Accordingly, an individual network congestion state may occur according to the clients 200 . For example, the network 300 to which the first client 200 - 1 is connected may be in a network congestion state whereas the network 300 to which the second client 200 - 2 is connected is not in a network congestion state. According to an exemplary embodiment, the network camera 100 refers to network congestion of each client 200 while determining whether to apply an ATC function by first considering the network congestion state of the client 200 whose ATC priority is high.	0
Thr Gln Lys Ser Leu Ser Leu Ser Pro Gly Ala Ala Pro Thr Ser Ser	0
Once top surface 31 of the top-most dam layer 35 of dam 30 (e.g., top surface 31 a - 2 of dam layer 35 a - 2 of dam 30 a of FIG. 4) is at least a minimum distance T above top surface 21 of the tallest electronic component 20 in circuitry region 25 , pocket 45 of dam 30 may be able to hold enough fill material to submerge each electronic component 20 of circuitry region 25 . For example, once total height DHa of dam 30 a is greater than total height CHa of the tallest electronic component 20 of circuitry region 25 a by at least minimum distance Ta, enough fill material may be deposited or otherwise applied to circuitry region 25 a within pocket 45 a to encapsulate or otherwise submerge circuitry region 25 a.	0
Note that due to convection, even in the absence of pressure-induced water flow, hot water will generally rise in a storage tank, and cold water will normally fall in a storage tank, thus to some extent causing hot water to mix with cold water even in the absence of any pressure-induced water flow or mixing devices. Although even a standard water tank, with an unobstructed interior, with a cold water opening (inlet) on the bottom, and a hot water opening (outlet) on the top, will have some thermal gradient, convection will tend to diminish the extent of the thermal gradient. Thus, in some embodiments, it may be desired to configure the structure of the heating-control storage tank to further enhance its ability to maintain a thermal gradient.	0
It is also to be understood that variations and modifications can be made on the aforementioned structures and methods without departing from the concepts of the present concept, and further it is to be understood that such concepts are intended to be covered by the following claims unless these claims by their language expressly state otherwise.	0
In program flow block 76 , a new ink cartridge/printhead is installed in the printer 10 . After the cartridge 38 is installed in the printer 10 , an ink flow detection test is executed at the highest jetting rate possible for the printer 10 . This is shown in block 78 . The testing of the flow rate of ink jetted from a printhead is the same as described in connection with FIGS. 2 and 3, namely determining the slope of the rise in printhead temperature as compared to a nominal flow rate for that type of printhead. In program flow decision block 80 , it is determined if there was a decrease in the flow of ink as a result of jetting the nozzles 36 at the highest rate permitted by the printer 10 and/or the printhead 20 . If there was no decrease in the flow rate of the ink, then processing branches from decision block 80 to block 90 where the ink cartridge 38 is considered operational. In other words, if the temperature of the printhead 20 did not substantially increase (because a sufficient ink flow provided a cooling effect), then the ink flow did not decrease. As such, the cartridge 38 works as intended.	0
Thr Val Trp Lys Leu Tyr Phe Glu His Pro Gln Asp Val Pro Thr Ile	0
Still further, in an embodiment, the flaps 70 may rest in the downward First Position A (FIG. 7) by means of gravity. In particular, the flaps 70 may rest in the downward First Position A by means of, for example, gravity pulling the flaps 70 downward. The flaps 70 may be made of metal, hard plastic, rubber or the like material. When the device 1 is turned on, the centripetal force of the rotating ring gear 10 (and therein flaps 70 ) may force the flaps 70 upward into a generally parallel orientation with respect to the ring gear 10 . Thus, when rotated, the flaps 70 move upward and may better be able to cut the waste 55 located within the interior of the toilet 20 .	0
Lower cost electronic devices can be enabled because polymers, such as those described herein, can be processed into inks which can then be handled in the same manner as inks in conventional printing processes. Ink compositions used for forming, for example, the active layer of an organic photovoltaic device can be made by dissolving p-type and n-type materials in a solvent system, optionally containing other additives.	0
Tyr Asn Gly Asp Ser Phe Asp Leu Pro Tyr Leu Ala Lys Arg Ala Glu	0
As can be gleaned from FIG. 6, the flat side (bottom) of the toothed rack 18 is adhered to the support frame, and the timing belt 10 is laid atop the rack 18 in mating fashion. The belt 10 and rack 18 are fastened together at their respective ends which are near the longitudinal ends 6 of the support frame 2 . At the meeting of the tufting frame 20 and support frame 2 , the timing belt 10 is lifted from the rack 18 by virtue of it wrapping over a drive gear 32 fixed to the rotary actuator 38 . Preferably, the rotary actuator 38 is a servo motor that is controlled by the computer 100 . The drive gear 32 is situated between the timing belt 10 and rack 18 , and it remains toothingly engaged to the timing belt 10 . Guide rollers 28 stationed on opposite sides of the drive gear 32 cause the timing belt 10 to wind over the gear 32 and maintain contact with at least half of its circumference. Furthermore, the considerable weight of the tufting frame is supported at the engagement of the tufting frame-mounted grooved wheels 26 and the support frame-mounted rails 8 . So, when the servo 38 rotates the drive gear 32 , the gear 32 advances along the belt 10 , and the tufting frame 20 advances in a Y-direction along the support frame 2 . However, it should be understood that a variety of linear motion systems for advancing the tufting frame 20 could be substituted for the rack and gear assembly just described. For example, a tufting frame drive mechanism could be in the form of a shaft and bearing assembly comprising pillow block bearings affixed to the tufting frame 20 and mounted to a pair of motor-driven roller screws which are rotatably fixed to the support frame 2 .	0
The construction constituting the second embodiment of the present invention comprises an upper rotating body 210 positioned on the rotating shaft, and a lower rotating body 120 positioned below the upper rotating body 210 , wherein a lower protective layer 123 is formed inside the lower rotating body 120 such that the target objects introduced from the upside are gradually enlarged in diameter along an upward direction of the lower rotating body 120 by the rotary movement of the lower rotating body 120 , thereby forming an inner surface thereof with a sectional shape of funnel, wherein an upper protective layer 113 is formed such that the target objects escaped from the lower protective layer 123 are moved along an inside height of the upper rotating body 210 , wherein the diameter of the upper protective layer 210 is larger than the lower protective layer 120 , and wherein the upper protective layer 113 is formed in an inverse funnel shape relative to that of the lower protective layer 123 .	0
In other embodiments, expression of the gene sgrS, sgrT or dgsA is attenuated. Methods of attenuating gene expression are well known to those skilled in the art. In one embodiment, the gene sgrS is deleted. In another embodiment, the gene sgrT is deleted. In a further embodiment of the invention the gene dgsA is deleted.	0
When Done the control is transferred from the BDP to CDP	0
(1) Increasing the average rate of penetration. This is achieved by reducing the occurrences of pulling off-bottom every time the motor stalls.	0
Further, the housing 100 further includes a cover 110 partially covering the opening.	0
Lys Val Tyr Ala His Glu Ile Ala Lys Ala Trp Glu Ser Gly Glu Gly	0
Paintballs are used in an activity in which two or more teams of players are armed with gas powered paintball guns. Paintballs are fired out of the said guns to mark or “kill” members of the opposing team in order to achieve a goal.	0
The control section 50 is also operable, based on the temperatures detected by the temperature sensors 40 , to detect fluidization abnormality (local defective fluidization, etc.) and control a gas feeding section 30 to an air ratio and/or a flow rate of the fluidizing gas to be supplied to the inside of the furnace body 20 . This makes it possible to solve the fluidization abnormality.	0
There has been a long-standing need to carry a valid picture identification, such as a driver's license, and credit card (or debit card, etc.) at most times when a person is away from home. The credit card is used for purchases and the picture identification is used to verify that the person is, as claimed, and also that the age of the person is above whatever minimum threshold is applicable.	0
The control unit 12 is arranged for detecting a change in the behavior of the intended recipient of the food and/or beverage on the basis of the received sensor signals and, optionally, also on the basis of stored behavioral data derived from previously received sensor signals. Detecting a change in one particular signal, such as a sound signal, may be sufficient for detecting a change in the behavior of the recipient, but preferably two or more signals are used as a basis for detecting behavioral change. Furthermore, the control unit 12 is arranged for switching between the cooling mode and the heating mode in response to said detecting a change in the behavior of the recipient.	0
Leu Thr Cys Leu Val Lys Gly Phe Tyr Pro Ser Asp Ile Ala Val Glu	0
Alternatively, rather than amplify the target, alternate techniques can use the target as a template to replicate a hybridized probe, allowing a small number of target molecules to result in a large number of signaling probes, that then can be detected. Probe amplification-based strategies include, for example, the ligase chain reaction (LCR), cycling probe technology (CPT), invasive cleavage techniques such as Invader™ technology, Q-Beta replicase (QβR) technology or sandwich assays. Such techniques can be carried out, for example, under conditions described in U.S. Ser. Nos. 60/161,148, 09/553,993 and 09/556,463; and U.S. Pat. No. 6,355,431 B1, or as set forth below. These techniques are exemplified below, in the context of representational sample nucleic acids used as target nucleic acids that are hybridized to arrayed nucleic acid probes. It will be understood that in such embodiments representational sample nucleic acid can be arrayed as probes and hybridized to synthetic nucleic acid targets.	0
There are many situations however wherein it is desirable to use a bipolar electrode in order to apply RF energy in order to perform the denervation procedure. This is because, the energy flow when using this type of electrode is essentially between the two active tips. Thus the energy flow at the surgical site is more directed than when a monopolar electrode with a large area external ground pad is employed. As a consequence of this more directed energy flow, more energy is applied in a shorter amount of time to the tissue, the nerve, to be ablated. Inversely, less energy is absorbed by nearby tissue that should be subjected to ablation. Thus, using a bipolar electrode to perform the ablation process would further result in a denervation process that is less likely to harm surrounding tissue.	0
In use, the aerosol-cooling element may be arranged and configured to cool the heated air and vapor drawn through the element to between about 80 degrees Celsius and 120 degrees Celsius. In an embodiment, the aerosol-cooling element cools the heated air and vapor drawn through the element to about 100 degrees Celsius.	0
FIG. 11 shows a sixth embodiment of the arrangement of components in an inventive position measuring device;	0
FIGS. 8 a - 8 q are schematics of alternative patterns and shapes for a metal-oxide coating. Patterns and shapes for metal-oxide coating layer 801 - 813 are chosen from a group comprising 801 , ribs or rectilinear trenches or solids, 805 cylinders, 807 polygon shaped ribs, 803 triangular shaped ridges, hemispherical shaped mounds, 804 horizontal cylindrical shaped ribs, 809 ellipsoids, 808 hemispheres, 806 cones, 810 angled cylinders, 811 angled hemispheres, 812 angled ellipsoids, 802 angled rectilinear trenches or solids and 813 angled cones. FIG. 9 is a schematic of an alternative embodiment of a metal-oxide coating with a pattern or shape that also functions as a photonic crystal lattice 901 . Not shown in FIGS. 8 and 9 are substrates or submounts. Patterns and shapes for elements for metal-oxide coating layer 801 - 813 and 901 have a geometrical shape chosen from a group comprising cylinders, ellipsoids, hemispheres, rectilinear trenches or solids, cones, angled cylinders, angled hemispheres, angled ellipsoids, angled rectilinear trenches or solids and angled cones and wherein element to element spacing may be uniform or not. In alternative embodiments, a metal-oxide coating layer may comprise one or more metal-oxide layers of different compositions resulting in one or more different refractive indices in the one or more layers. Non-stoichiometric compositions of metal-oxide materials may be incorporated to achieve varying indices of refraction and extinction coefficients. In embodiments where multiple layers are employed a layer of silicon dioxide integral to other layers may be of utility to enable additional light transmissive or inhibiting capabilities of a multilayer coating. Feature sizes of patterns and photonic crystal shapes may vary from about 50 nm to more than several microns depending on a requirement.	0
FIG. 1 is a sectional view in the machine direction of a part of a multilayer headbox mounted to deliver a multilayer jet of stock into a gap leading to a forming zone in a twin wire former of roll type.	0
FIG. 4 is a block diagram illustrating an example of a print control unit of the control unit illustrated in FIG. 3 and a head driver;	0
In optional superheat moistening liquid step 322 , which is part of optional transport medium through reservoir step 320 , the heating liquid in the liquid reservoir has higher temperature and pressure in a lower zone than in an upper zone above the lower zone. The transport path is configured so that the moistened medium passes through the lower zone, and the heating liquid in the lower zone is heated to a temperature above a boiling point of the heating liquid at an ambient pressure. The moistened medium is transported out of the liquid reservoir into an environment at the ambient pressure. For example, if the moistening liquid boils at 100° C. at 1 atm and at 110° C. at the pressure in the lower zone, the heating liquid in the lower zone can be maintained at 108° C. As the moistened medium moves through the lower zone, the moistening liquid on the medium is heated to 108° C. After leaving the lower zone, the medium moves through cooler heating liquid (e.g., a gradient from 108° C. down to 99° C. at the top surface) and the moistening liquid cools down. The moistened medium is moved at a speed sufficiently fast that the moistening liquid does not cool below 100° C. before it reaches the top surface. Upon reaching the top surface, or a shallow enough region in the heating liquid to permit the moistening liquid to boil at its then-current temperature, the moistening liquid boils and is removed from the medium. The vaporized moistening liquid does not mechanically disturb the heating liquid as it would if it boiled deeper in the heating liquid, and the approximate location at which boiling will occur is controlled. This permits readily recapturing the vaporized moisturizing liquid if desired.	0
FIG. 6 depicts the influence of the layer thickness of a spectral purity enhancement layer according to an embodiment of the present invention on the reflectivity;	0
The system 100 , by providing a private eLoran service, can be even more resistant to jamming, spoofing, and/or interference than standard eLoran due to the innovative features described herein. For example, signals transmitted by the system 100 do not have a priori known relationship to UTC for non-authorized users. The system 100 can transmit signals within the same eLoran-assigned 90-110 kHz frequency band and can coexist with normal eLoran services. In an implementation, private eLoran-like signals can be transmitted in another frequency band, such as the 280-330 kHz frequency band, a 400 KHz frequency, 500 KHz frequency, or another band of similar frequency.	0
A coupling arrangement, indicated generally at 14 , is provided where the segmented sections 4 and 6 are separated for joining together end-to-end the segmented sections when the string trimmer is removed from the carton 10 . The coupling arrangement can be made of any suitable material such as metal or plastic for example. In the embodiment of the invention shown in the drawings, the first segmented section 4 and the second segmented section 6 comprise substantially cylindrical tubular structures. As will be understood by those having ordinary skill in the art, by breaking down the string trimmer into two segmented sections, the string trimmer can be packaged in a more compact carton that is more convenient to handle and store at a retail establishment than would be the case if the string trimmer were not broken down.	0
Here, Y 1 has the number average molecular weight Mn ranging from 20000 or more to 30000 or less, and more preferably, Mn ranging from 23000 or more to 26000 or less. Furthermore, Y 1 is preferably the radical polymer unit having Mw/Mn ranging from 1.1 or more to 1.2 or less, wherein Mw denotes the weight average molecular weight, and Mn denotes the number average molecular weight.	0
Note that, in a case where the production apparatus of the present invention produces an aligned CNT aggregate continuously and includes the transfer unit, a specific configuration of the transfer unit is not limited to the above configuration. Examples of the transfer unit include a robot arm and a robot arm driving device in the case of a multi-chamber type.	0
With reference to FIG. 5 c , the distributed switch 510 includes a delay element 515 coupled to a final combination switch in a linear sequence of combination switches 505 . As discussed previously, the delay element 515 can be used to permit a voltage level at the circuitry to reach a threshold, thereby resulting in a reduction in a current flowing across the distributed switch 510 , prior to the header switches in the combination switches 505 being closed. The use of the delay element 515 permits the use of fewer combination switches 505 in a design. The amount of delay imparted by the delay element 515 can be dependent upon the number of combination switches 505 used in the distributed switch 510 , the voltage potential being provided by the power supply, a capacitance of a load being driven by the distributed switch 510 , and so forth.	0
The porous microstructure of the expanded material is affected by the temperature and the rate at which it is expanded. The structure consists of nodes interconnected by very small fibrils. In the case of uniaxial expansion the nodes are elongated, the longer axis of a node being oriented perpendicular to the direction of expansion. The fibrils which interconnect the nodes are oriented parallel to the direction of expansion. The nodes may vary in size, depending on the conditions used in the: expansion. Products which have been expanded at high temperatures and high rates have a more homogeneous structure, i.e., they have smaller more closely spaced nodes and these nodes are interconnected with a greater number of fibrils. These products are also found to have much greater strength. The expansion process results in a tremendous increase in the tensile strength of the PTFE fibers and an increase in the porosity.	0
The storage unit 150 stores information regarding an operation mode. The operation mode will be explained in detail later. The operation mode control unit 160 controls the operation mode of the optical transceiver 100 . The low-rate signal generation unit 170 generates a signal for notifying of the operation mode.	0
FIG. 6 is a schematic cross sectional view for illustrating the method for manufacturing the MOSFET.	0
wherein R 5 is acyl, aliphatic hydrocarbon, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon or a heterocyclic group. The aliphatic hydrocarbon group represented by R 5 in Formula (2) may be, for example, chain or cyclic (including crosslinked carbocyclic) alkyl or alkenyl. The aliphatic hydrocarbon group has usually 1 to 12, preferably 1 to 8, carbon atoms. The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon group may be, for example, naphthyl, biphenyl or naphthylmethyl. The heterocyclic group may have a monocyclic or polycyclic structure, and may be any hetetocyclic group derived from various known heterocyclic compounds. These aliphatic hydrocarbon group, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon group and heterocyclic group may be substituted by halogen, hydrocarbonoxy, amino, substituted amino or the like.	0
The terms “about” and “approximately” shall generally mean an acceptable degree of error or variation for the quantity measured given the nature or precision of the measurements. Typical, exemplary degrees of error or variation are within 20 percent (%), preferably within 10%, and more preferably within 5% of a given value or range of values. Numerical quantities given herein are approximate unless stated otherwise, meaning that the term “about” or “approximately” can be inferred when not expressly stated.	0
After hair was thoroughly washed and dried completely with a dryer, about 3.5 mL of a 70% by mass aqueous ethanol solution (sample solution) containing FCG at a concentration of 10 pg/mL was evenly applied to the scalp once a day.	0
80 kg/hr of Biomass and 20 kg/hr of petcoke is first mixed together and the mixture (mixed feed) is formed, and the said mixture is split into two parts with weight ratio of 1:4. This was co-gasified as per the process of the present invention disclosed in the operating scheme. The result of this process is compared with result of process of Example 5 in Table 8.	0
FIG. 10 is a perspective view illustrating an example of a two-dimensional photonic crystal 40 for a thermal radiation light source according to the present invention.	0
As FIG. 3 illustrates, each edge 304 has inputs (set of parameterized resource inputs 308 ), and each of these parameterized resource inputs 310 has one or more input properties 312 , and each these input properties has input specification limits 314 . Further, each edge 304 has one or more parameterized resource outputs (set of parameterized resource outputs 314 ), and each of these parameterized resource outputs 316 has one or more output properties 318 . Moreover, each of these output properties has output specification limits 320 . The set of parameterized resource outputs serve as the inputs to other edges and such relationships are denoted by node. Moreover, the set of parameterized resource outputs 314 of a particular edge can serve as the inputs to more than one edge, thus the nodes and edges constitute a hypergraph. By defining a process in this way, it is easy to create process versions 208 , integrate data acquisition from disparate sources and devices, and query process runs to identify correlations, reduce experimental variance, and improve process reproducibility. Process runs invoke a process version and result in values (e.g. measurements) for the set of inputs and set of outputs of an edge in the hypergraph in the process version.	0
A second image sensing mode in which only an image sensing signal is read out within one horizontal scanning period will be described with reference to FIG. 9. At time t0, the vertical scanning circuit 11 sends a signal which sets the signals φSEL 1 and φRES 1 at high level to turn on the selection transistors M 411 and M 412 , thereby selecting the first row of the pixel unit 10 . Furthermore, the reset transistors M 211 and M 212 are turned on, and the pixel unit is reset by the signal φRES 1 .	0
In some embodiments, the energy beam irradiates a material and transforms that material (e.g., to a fluid state, e.g., liquid state). In some embodiments, the energy beam is translated during formation of a HARMP. The energy beam may form a transformed material by irradiation (e.g., and generate a high aspect ratio melt pool) and subsequently move laterally to elongate the melt pool in the direction of movement. When irradiating to initiate a melt pool formation (e.g., HARMP), a gas, plasma, or void may be formed (e.g., due to the elevated temperature in the melt pool, e.g., at the position of maximum temperature). The void may form a pore upon hardening (e.g., abruptly), when the melt pool hardens without sufficient time for a fluidic transformed material to close the void. To prevent pore formation, the energy beam may facilitate maintaining a fluid state in the melt pool for a sufficiently long time for to allow closure of the void. For example, the energy beam may translate in a velocity that facilitates closure of the void by a fluid transformed material. For example, the velocity of the energy beam may be a slow velocity. The lateral elongation of the melt pool may be at a velocity that facilitates closure of any pores. The HARMP may be formed using a spiraling (e.g., inward spiraling) or circling energy beam about an axis, which spiraling or circling facilitate a higher temperature at the center of the melt pool relative to its edges.	0
The illumination system may include various types of optical components, such as refractive, reflective, magnetic, electromagnetic, electrostatic or other types of optical components, or any combination thereof, to direct, shape, and/or control radiation.	0
Here, if the received packet is an access request packet (step S 104 , Yes), the gateway device 10 forwards the packet to the determination device 30 (step S 105 ).	0
FIG. 2 is a flow diagram depicting an exemplary embodiment of a method 200 for encoding frames of information in accordance with one or more aspects of the invention. The method 200 begins at step 202 , where a frame of input bits is partitioned into un-coded bits and bits to be encoded. At step 204 , an LDPC code is applied to the bits to be encoded to generate a codeword having information bits and parity bits. At step 206 , groups of interleaved bits are generated from the codeword bits. At step 208 , the groups of interleaved bits are divided among m streams. At step 210 , the symbols formed from the bit groups and groups of un-coded bits are mapped to points in a QAM constellation for each of m channels. The method 200 is repeated for each frame.	0
The endoscope connector 5 provided at an end portion of the universal cord 4 includes an electric connector portion 5 a and a light source connector portion 5 b connected to a light source apparatus, which is an external apparatus not shown.	0
FIG. 3 is a cross-sectional view of an example actuator 300 in accordance with the teachings of this disclosure. The example actuator 300 of FIG. 3 is reverse-acting (e.g., air-to-open). With reference to FIG. 3, a diaphragm 302 is positioned (e.g., captured) between an upper casing 304 and a lower casing 306 with a plurality of fasteners 308 , 310 .	0
Furthermore, hair growth and hair restoration components other than the steryl glucopyranoside, which is the hair growth and hair restoration component of the present invention, can be used in combination with the steryl glucopyranoside. Examples thereof include estrogenic hormones, a peripheral blood flow promoter, a local stimulant, a keratolytic drug, an antiseborrheic drug, a germicidal agent, a metabolic activator, an active oxygen inhibitor, an antiphlogistic agent, a nutrient, and a moisturizer.	0
The IL-6 partial peptide or the IL-6 receptor partial peptide is a peptide comprising some or all of the amino acid sequence of the region involved in the binding to IL-6 and IL-6 receptor in the amino acid sequence of IL-6 or IL-6 receptor. Such a peptide generally comprises 10-80, preferably 20-50, more preferably 20-40 amino acid residues.	0
When the chemical conversion step is combustion or partial oxidation part of said first fuel, or a stream derived therefrom by removal of H 2 S and/or CO 2 , gas may first be passed through a membrane separation unit containing a membrane selectively permeable to hydrogen, and at least part of the hydrogen permeating across the membrane may be accepted into a counter-currently flowing carrier gas stream which is then combusted in a power generation unit; preferably a combined cycle power generation unit. The carrier gas stream may comprise part of said product gas stream.	0
This application is based upon and claims the benefit of priority from the prior Japanese Patent Application No. 2016-090747 filed on Apr. 28, 2016 in Japan, the entire contents of which are incorporated herein by reference.	0
For this purpose, in respect of production, the procedure is such, in particular, that the prepared cutting part is placed on the carrier part, in particular by soldering, and final machining is then performed, in which, inter alia, the cutting edges and the chip flutes undergo (finish-)grinding. In this grinding operation, the chip flutes are realized in the carrier part. Supplementary finishing measures, such as edge roundings on the cutting edges, are also realized. Expediently, the entire tool head is also provided with a coating, for example a hard material coating deposited by a PVD method, preferably a titanium-aluminum-nitride coating. In particular, a multilayer coating is provided. The layer thickness is, for example, 3 μm.	0
The preparation of esters from the C.sub.21 diacid adduct was reported by Ward et al, J. Amer. Oil Chemists' Soc., vol. 52 (1975) at 219-224. Ethoxylated esters containing 4-119 ethylene oxide units are said to be particularly effective lime soap dispersants. The alkyl esters are reported as being particularly useful in lubricant applications, including uses as textile lubricants and plasticizers for PVC.	0
The resistor portion side surface 33 b shown in e.g. FIG. 32 faces to a second side in the direction Y. The resistor portion side surface 33 b is connected to the side surface 13 b of the first electrode 1 and the side surface 23 b of the second electrode 2 . As shown in FIG. 35, the resistor portion side surface 33 b includes a linear trace formed surface 331 b (second resistor portion linear trace formed surface) and a breakage trace formed surface 332 b (second resistor portion breakage trace formed surface). The breakage trace formed surface 332 b is connected to the linear trace formed surface 331 b . Since the shapes of the linear trace formed surface 331 b and the breakage trace formed surface 332 b are the same as those of the linear trace formed surface 131 and the breakage trace formed surface 132 of the chip resistor 101 , description of these is omitted.	0
In this structure, during a normal actuation of the platform door device, the cutout can be covered by the cover so as to prevent foreign substances such as dust from entering through the cutout. Further, during maintenance, the cover can be detached so as to easily perform the maintenance of the linear rail and the guide block through the cutout.	0
As described above, when voltages are applied to a plurality of pixels on the basis of one inversion driving mode, by switching the inversion driving mode to a different inversion driving mode, the time required for initial transition can be reduced without using additional members, compared with the case of performing transition of the alignment state of liquid crystal by applying voltages to the pixels on the basis of one inversion driving mode.	0
In still another embodiment of the invention, the display processing application further configures the memory to store a dive device data log.	0
As shown in FIG. 1, the image forming apparatus 11 is provided with an image reading apparatus 21 at the upper part of the main body thereof.	0
FIG. 3A is a top sectional view of a portion of the shade assembly in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention.	0
FIG. 1 is a top plan view of apparatus for use with a method according to the present invention for one web of material.	0
Non-limiting examples of suitable dispersants include substituted or unsubstituted alkenyl succinimide, an alkenyl succinimide derived by post-treatment with ethylene carbonate or boric acid, a succiamide, succinate esters, succinate ester-amide, pentaerythritol, phenate-salicylate or an analog thereof, an alkali metal or mixed alkali metal salt thereof, a polyamide ashless dispersant, a benzylamine, a Mannich type dispersant, a phosphorus-containing dispersant, or a combination thereof, in addition to the borate and borate ester disclosed above. As is further disclosed above, the borate can comprise an alkali metal borate or an alkaline earth metal borate, or a combination thereof. A dispersion of the alkali metal borate and/or the alkaline earth metal borate may be used.	0
As preferred examples of the compound (b), compounds represented by the following Formulas (8) to (11) can be mentioned.	0
According to another embodiment, displaying a higher ranked bet option more prominently than at least one lower ranked bet option comprises displaying the higher ranked bet option closer to the top of a list of results displayed on the display device than the at least one lower ranked bet option.	0
Glu Ala Leu His Asn His Tyr Thr Gln Lys Ser Leu Ser Leu Ser Pro	0
Analytical Data: % Residual Monomers i) NIPAM=0.066% (660 ppm) and ii) VP=0.011% (110 ppm).	0
However, there are some disadvantages to the prior art solutions intended to address fluctuating ambient temperatures at the condenser that affect the refrigerant head pressure. For instance, the flooding valve, in effect, requires the compressor to function at an artificially high level (i.e., energy consumption by the compressor is greater than it otherwise would have been). Also, because of the flooding valve, significantly more liquid refrigerant is required to be added to the system. This is undesirable for two reasons. First, adding more refrigerant results in additional costs, due to the cost of the additional refrigerant. Second, due to issues involving the environmental impact of refrigerants, it is generally thought to be desirable to decrease refrigerant volume requirements.	0
The present inventor has closely studied a method to improve channel mobility of an accumulation type MOSFET when a gate voltage is high. As a result, the present inventor has found the following and arrived at the present invention.	0
12. A process according to claim 1, in which the composition is applied to paper in connection with and by means of surface-sizing pigmenting, or coating processes in separate operations outside the paper machine.	0
An additional clotting assay was performed independently in FIX-deficient mice by to Dr. Paul Monahan at University of North Carolina prior to the initiation of the PK-PD study. The aPTT results suggested that FIX-CTP 3 coagulation activity is 40 times less than normal pooled human plasma as demonstrated by the longer period (as measured in seconds) and higher concentration that are required for proper clotting activity (Table 22).	0
In one embodiment of the invention, the composition of the invention includes a water-soluble hydroxy acid. Hydroxy acids are defined herein as not including or exclusive of acetic acid. Acetic acid has sometimes been used to remove metals as well, but it has a high oil solubility and tends to stay with the hydrocarbon coming from the desalter. The acidity of the acetic acid can then cause corrosion problems in the crude unit. The water-soluble hydroxy acids are much more water-soluble and will not partition as much into the crude oil, thus reducing downstream concerns. They are also less volatile and do not distill into the crude unit overhead system where they can increase corrosion rates when combined with the water usually present at this location.	0
In another non-limiting embodiment the water-soluble hydroxyacids do not include citric acid, malic acid, tartaric acid, mandelic acid, and lactic acid. In yet another non-limiting embodiment of the invention, the definition of water-soluble hydroxyacids does not include organic acid anhydrides, particularly acetic, propionic, butyric, valeric, stearic, phthalic and benzoic anhydrides.	0
FIG. 1 is a schematic view of an example drilling operation.	0
To that end, the measured acceleration AccZ is first corrected by at least one base correction value VCB 1 , VCB 2 developed during a correction step 86 of the preceding iteration.	0
Others have evaluated and made dietary recommendations on the consumption of nutrient dense fruits and vegetables based on the levels of micronutrients where the density is purely correlated with the fewest calories (e.g., Joel Fuhrman, M.D.). Today, with food being grown and shipped from far away and/or being harvested early and artificially ripened with chemicals the amount of nutrients consumers are actually receiving has been adversely impacted. Harvard Medical School's Center for Health and the Global Environment has shown that foods grown far away that spend significant time on the road have more time to lose nutrients before reaching the marketplace. In other words, consuming fruits and vegetables, all things equal, that are more devoid of nutrients defeats the purpose of consuming such fruits and vegetables in the first place.	0
H2. The method of H or H1, wherein each collar corner assembly includes a column mating portion having first and second expanses defining a corner, and a standoff portion extending from the corner, the standoff portion having a distal T-shaped structure.	0
Abbreviations: stem region/catalytic domain β(1,4)-Galactosyltransferase I (SRCDβ4Gal-T1); catalytic domain of β(1,4)-Galactosyltransferase I (CDβ4Gal-T1); β(1,4)-Galactosyltransferase I (β4Gal-T1); catalytic domain (CD); stem region (SR); wild-type (wt); galactosyltransferase activity (Gal-T); beta-mercaptoethanol (β-ME); N-acetylgalactosamine transferase activity (GalNAc-T); α-Lactalbumin (LA).	0
As illustrated in FIG. 1, an air inlet 1 in assembled form is provided, in accordance with embodiments. The air inlet 1 comprises a frame 2 having a frame part 2 . 1 along the upper edge of the air inlet 1 , and a pair of side frame parts 2 . 2 , 2 . 3 . These components are connected to one another by plugging and by screwing or similar connections, for example, latching connections 11 , and are mounted on a base component B (FIG. 3). Provided centrally and at the mid-point of the component 2 . 1 is a housing for an actuator that is connected to the frame part 2 . 1 and connects the frame to the base component B. In the frame 2 there are arranged closing elements 3 which serve to control the quantity of air to a cooling device (not shown) of an internal combustion engine. The closing elements here are mounted both in the side parts 2 . 2 and 2 . 3 and centrally in the housing G of the actuator. The air inlet 1 is arranged behind a radiator grille (not shown) of a motor vehicle. For reasons of cost and weight, the air inlet or its components are made of plastic, preferably by an injection-moulding process.	0
FIG. 22 is a left side view of the cell holder of FIG. 19.	0
The barcode reader 1802 may include several components that may collectively be referred to as a camera 1808 . Illumination components 1810 within the camera 1808 may be activated by control circuitry 1809 so as to illuminate a target area. The illumination components 1810 may be configured to provide illumination having different illumination characteristics (e.g., by changing the intensity, wavelength, angle, and/or diffusion characteristics of the illumination), as described previously. The illumination components 1810 may be included in a plurality of different illumination systems having different illumination characteristics (e.g., a bright field illumination system, a diffuse bright field illumination system, and a dark field illumination system). Alternatively, the illumination components 1810 may be included within a single illumination system that is configured to provide illumination having different illumination characteristics. The illumination components 1810 may include light-emitting diodes (LEDs) and appropriate control circuitry. One or more lenses 1812 within the camera 1808 may focus light reflected from item(s) within the target area (e.g., a barcode) onto a photo sensor array 1814 . The photo sensor array 1814 may be a solid-state photo-detecting device containing a relatively large number of light-sensitive pixels that are arranged in horizontal rows and vertical columns. Read-out circuitry 1816 may electronically read the pixels within the photo sensor array 1814 in order to obtain a digital image.	0
Ser Val Lys Ile Ser Cys Lys Ala Ser Gly His Thr Phe Thr Ser Tyr	0
According to another example of the present invention, the driving unit may include first and second cases. The first case may configure an outer appearance of the driving unit and be formed in parallel to one ends of the first and second bodies in the closed configuration. The second case may be formed to intersect with the first case and configured to obscure end portions intersecting with the one ends.	0
However, according to the conventional techniques, there occurs a problem such that a base substrate which has such a large area as to have a side length of 10 cm or larger causes a deterioration in quality of CNTs to be obtained in a rim of the base substrate.	0
FIG. 1 is an isometric view of an expandable medical device with a beneficial agent at the ends in accordance with the present invention.	0
The adhesion of thin diamond-like film and base material can be improved by providing an area having a lower SP 3 /SP 2 ratio than the that at the film surface, at a location within 0.1 micron from the interface of thin film and core material. The carbon film can have various crystal structures, but the present invention aims to improve film adhesion by forming both SP 3 bond (diamond bond) and SP 2 bond (graphite bond) and also increasing the amount of SP 2 bonds near the interface with the base material. SP 3 bond (diamond bond) is the strongest bond and therefore provides excellent mechanical characteristics. If there are more SP 2 bonds than SP 3 bonds, wear resistance drops. However, graphite bond has a laminar structure consisting of a series of carbon atoms forming a hexagonal ring, and weak Van der Waals force is generated between the atom layers. This produces the effect of stress distribution, and consequently the inter-phase adhesion with the member improves.	0
FIG. 13 is a cross-sectional view illustrating a semiconductor device 25 formed by cutting the semiconductor wafer 300 illustrated in FIGS. 12A and 12B. Specifically, the semiconductor device 25 is formed by cutting out the chip area 3 along the scribe line area 5 of the semiconductor wafer 300 illustrated in FIGS. 12A and 12B.	0
The toner according to the present invention composed of toner particles including at least a resin and a coloring agent. In addition, various components, such as a release agent, an external additive, a charge control agent, inorganic powder (inorganic fine particles), and organic fine particles, can be added as the occasion demands. Furthermore, the toner according to the embodiment of the present invention preferably comprises a core-shell structure which is formed by a core and a shell.	0
As described above in the background section, one of the problems with BPL systems as shown in FIG. 1 is the effect of both inbound and outbound interference. FIG. 2 illustrates this problem by showing the powerlines 202 which are part of a BPL system and user premises 204 , both of which are making use of the same RF frequency spectrum. Since the frequency spectrum used by a typical BPL system is not used solely by the BPL system, there is the potential for interference as illustrated in FIG. 2. The user premises 204 represents a user that is operating in the vicinity of the BPL system and is using at least a portion of the same frequency spectrum as the BPL system. As used herein, the term conflicting user is used to identify any user or user device that is using at least some frequencies that are also used by the BPL system. If the conflicting user 204 is operating in the vicinity of the BPL system, then there is the potential for two types of interference. Transmissions from conflicting user 204 may be received by the powerlines 202 and thus interfere with communications on the BPL system (referred to as inbound interference) and transmissions on the BPL system may be radiated from the powerlines 202 and received by the conflicting user 204 causing interference to the conflicting user (referred to as outbound interference). As seen from this discussion, the term conflicting user is used to identify a user that either causes (or has the potential to cause) interference to the BPL system, or receives (or has the potential to receive) interference from the BPL system. Further, the use of the term inbound or outbound interference is used with respect to the BPL system and as such, outbound interference from the BPL system would be inbound interference to the conflicting user, and inbound interference to the BPL system would be outbound interference from the conflicting user. As would be readily understood by one skilled in the art, the term inbound or outbound is only relevant if the point of reference is known. Unless otherwise indicated herein, the point of reference used herein is that of the BPL system. As used herein, the phrase—in the vicinity of a BPL system—means within a geographic area where there is potential inbound or outbound interference with respect to the BPL system.	0
The operation mode control unit 160 a transmits the information F 2 to the optical modulation unit 133 . The optical modulation unit 133 changes the modulation scheme based on the information F 2 .	0
By dividing the air chamber 414 into two or more air chamber portions 414 a , 414 b , 414 c , an operator may select which portions of the air table 400 the operator wishes to activate (e.g., turn on) when making an article. By being able to select which portions of an air table 400 the user wants to use, it may allow the user to use only portions of the air table 400 necessary for making the article. As a result, less energy (e.g., electricity) may be required when making smaller articles, which may lead to cost savings and increased efficiencies.	0
FIG. 5 shows one embodiment of the invention in which the use of fish plates is unnecessary. FIG. 5 shows four contiguous reinforcing elements 11, 12, 13 and 14, connected with one another, each having in the region of the connecting positions a rectangular section 21 or 22 or 23 or 24. The rectangular sections 21, 22, 23 and 24 do not extend exactly over the length of the associated edge of the reinforcing elements 11, 12, 13 and 14 but are arranged displaced by the distance "x", that is to say, one end juts out for the distance "x" over the corresponding corner of the reinforcing element and the other end stands back by the distance "x" in relation to the corresponding corner. In FIG. 5 only one corner of each of the four reinforcing elements 11 to 14 is illustrated. FIG. 5 shows an assembly with an overlapping of the two rectangular sections 22 and 23 at the corners of the associated reinforcement elements 12 and 13. By means of at least three connecting elements 6, for example screws, all four reinforcing elements 11 to 14 can be connected with one another without further connecting elements such as fish plates being necessary. Only at the ends, limited by the rectangular sections, of reinforcing constructions consisting of one or more reinforcing elements is a mutual connection of the laterally contiguous rectangular sections necessary with additional connecting elements.	0
Endocarditis is another potential and major complication in patients with prosthetic heart valves. Antibiotic prophylaxis has to be administered prior to dental, gastro-intestinal and genito-urinary surgery and other procedures associated with bacteraemia.	0
FIG. 11 is a cross-sectional view of a molded pulp paper cup and lid assembly having a reverse draft feature with a puffed pulp construction in accordance with an embodiment of the invention.	0
With such preferred embodiments with the moulded mass, form or profile of a SANTOPRENE rubber as aforesaid and dimensions as discussed, it can be pulled through the channel of an endoscope having a nominal diameter of 5 mm as well as a channel having a nominal diameter in the range of 2 to 3 mm e.g. 2.6 mm.	0
FIG. 11 illustrates examples of target sub-volumes according to standards set by the International Commission of Radiation Units (ICRU).	0
The golf club head ( 100 ) obtains superior aerodynamic performance through the use of unique club head shapes. Referring now to FIG. 8, the crown section ( 400 ) has a crown apex ( 410 ) located an apex height (AH) above a ground plane (GP). The apex height (AH), as well as the location of the crown apex ( 410 ), play important roles in obtaining desirable airflow reattachment as close to the face ( 200 ) as possible, as well as improving the airflow attachment to the crown section ( 400 ). With reference now to FIGS. 9 and 10, the crown section ( 400 ) has three distinct radii that improve the aerodynamic performance of the present club head ( 100 ). First, as seen in FIG. 9, a portion of the crown section ( 400 ) between the crown apex ( 410 ) and the front ( 112 ) has an apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) that is less than 3 inches. The apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) is measured in a vertical plane that is perpendicular to a vertical plane passing through the shaft axis (SA), and the apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-t) is further measured at the point on the crown section ( 400 ) between the crown apex ( 410 ) and the front ( 112 ) that has the smallest the radius of curvature. In one particular embodiment, at least fifty percent of the vertical plane cross sections taken perpendicular to a vertical plane passing through the shaft axis (SA), which intersect a portion of a face top edge ( 210 ), are characterized by an apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) of less than 3 inches. In still a further embodiment, at least ninety percent of the vertical plane cross sections taken perpendicular to a vertical plane passing through the shaft axis (SA), which intersect a portion of the face top edge ( 210 ), are characterized by an apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) of less than 3 inches. In yet another embodiment, at least fifty percent of the vertical plane cross sections taken perpendicular to a vertical plane passing through the shaft axis (SA), which intersect a portion of the face top edge ( 210 ) between the center of the face ( 200 ) and the toeward most point on the face ( 200 ), are characterized by an apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) of less than 3 inches. Still further, another embodiment has at least fifty percent of the vertical plane cross sections taken perpendicular to a vertical plane passing through the shaft axis (SA), which intersect a portion of the face top edge ( 210 ) between the center of the face ( 200 ) and the toeward most point on the face ( 200 ), are characterized by an apex-to-front radius of curvature (Ra-f) of less than 3 inches.	0
Furthermore, the control device 16 A controls the liquid crystal display 6 so that the size of the currently set and projected sewing reference mark M is displayed on the liquid crystal display 6 , as shown in FIG. 15. In this case, the control device 16 A computes a radius of the sewing reference mark M based on a signal supplied from the potentiometer 41 , controlling the liquid crystal display 6 so that the numeric value of the obtained radius and the sewing reference mark M with the currently set and displayed size, shape and color. The liquid crystal display 6 and the control device 16 A serve as a mark size display unit which displays the size of the sewing reference mark M set by the mark size setting mechanism 36 .	0
Referring to FIG. 1A, an exploded isometric view of a plurality of substrates utilized to form a display 100 is shown. Referring to FIG. 1B, an isometric view of a display monitor 102 is shown. A “substrate” as used herein refers to any rigid or semi-rigid planar surface of glass, plastic, film, and/or metal. A “substrate” as used herein may further refer to any rigid or semi-rigid planar surface of glass, plastic, film, and/or metal coated with an adhesive. The substrates 106 are aligned, brought together 104 , and then laminated to form a display 102 . A laminated display 102 may comprise an anti-reflective/anti-glare substrate, a touch panel, a glass substrate, a polarizing film substrate, an LCD, an electrode plane including a conductive coating (e.g., indium-tin oxide) substrate, another glass substrate, and/or another polarizing film substrate. The substrates 106 may be different materials, different shapes, different thickness, and/or different sizes. The different substrates 106 may be aligned for lamination to form the display 102 .	0
FIG. 11C shows Western blots of NK92 cells stimulated with titrated IFN-β.	0
the second modified refractive index areas are arranged at the lattice points of a second triangular lattice which is composed of the above-described barycenters (hereinafter the relationship between the first triangular lattice and the second triangular lattice is referred to as “complementary”).	0
Antibody-containing culture supernatants were filtered and purified by two chromatographic steps. Antibodies were captured by affinity chromatography using Protein A Sepharose™ CL-4B (GE Healthcare) equilibrated with 0.1 M phosphate buffer, pH 7.0. Unbound proteins were washed out with equilibration buffer, and the antibodies were eluted with 0.1M citrate buffer, pH 3.5, and then immediately neutralized to pH 6.0 with 1 M Tris-base. Size exclusion chromatography on Superdex 200™ (GE Healthcare) was used as a second purification step. Size exclusion chromatography was performed in 20 mM histidine buffer, 0.14 M NaCl, pH 6.0. The eluted antibodies were concentrated with an Ultrafree-CL centrifugal filter unit equipped with a Biomax-SK membrane (Millipore, Billerica, Mass.) and stored at −80° C.	0
An exhaust section included 20 exhaust vent rows which were provided at intervals of 200 mm and each of which (i) had a length of 500 mm and (ii) included 20 circular exhaust vents provided at regular intervals and having a diameter of 15 mm. A distance between the base substrate and the respective exhaust vents was set to 150 mm.	0
As can be seen especially in FIG. 4 a suction equipped embossing unit 62 of this type includes a base section 64 with one side 66 facing the permeable structured fabric 38 and a front edge 68 on the side of the fabric when viewed in direction of web travel L. The embossing unit 62 is equipped with at least one suction channel 70 located in the area of the front edge 68 of the base section 64 , in order to suck off contaminants, water drops, fines, fibers, and/or other substances which are carried along by the permeable structured fabric.	0
OLE1 promoter SEQ ID NO: 1 GATAAAAAAAAACGAGACGATAAGATGAGGAAGGTACCACACATGGGCATTCTTAG TGCGCGAGAGATGATTAGCATCGAGGGAAAGCTTAAACATCTTTGGTCTACGTAAG CAGAGACCAGGCACTAGCAAGCCTAATTAGGGTTAGGGAATTGAATGTCAGCAAAA GCTGAGGCGGCTTCCGAGGGCCAATAGAATAAGAAAGAACAACTTAGGGCGCAAAC CTGATTGCGATTTTGGGGCTTTCCTTGGAAAAGACTTGATCCCTACGCTGTGGAAGG CGCACTACTATCGAAGCTCCCTCTAACCTCCCAAAGGAGAAGGAAGGGAAAAAAAA ATAGTGACAAAAAGAAAACAAAGAGCCCAAGACCTCTATCGCCCCATCGCCCAGAT CTCCTATCAGCAAAATTATGTAAGCTGCATCTTTTGGTGAGCTAAAGGGGACTTTCG CGCTAACAAAAAGAGCAAACTTGTTTGTTGGGTGATTGTTGGGTGTTCAAGGCACGA CTTTCTAATCTACCTTGCATTGACAGATTCTTCCAACTGCGCCCGATATAACGTAGCA TTGCCAGGTAATGATGGTATACTTTACATGGTCACACTACGACGCTCAACATCAGTC CCTCTTAGTGGAACCACAACTTGCTCGTTGAATTTTGGAGCGTAATGTGTCATGTTG GGTCCTGCAAAAAGAAAAGTTGGATCCCATAAATTTAGACTTTGTAGGATGACAATC TACAGAGATTTCTCGAACTTCGGGCCTTCCTATAAAACAAGATAAACTCCTTCCTCTT TCTCTTTCCTTCTCTTTAGTCTTCTCACTTCATCTACGCCACACA DAS2 promoter SEQ ID NO: 2 ATTACTGTTTTGGGCAATCCTGTTGATAAGACGCATTCTAGAGTTGTTTCATGAAAG GGTTACGGGTGTTGATTGGTTTGAGATATGCCAGAGGACAGATCAATCTGTGGTTTG CTAAACTGGAAGTCTGGTAAGGACTCTAGCAAGTCCGTTACTCAAAAAGTCATACCA AGTAAGATTACGTAACACCTGGGCATGACTTTCTAAGTTAGCAAGTCACCAAGAGG GTCCTATTTAACGTTTGGCGGTATCTGAAACACAAGACTTGCCTATCCCATAGTACA TCATATTACCTGTCAAGCTATGCTACCCCACAGAAATACCCCAAAAGTTGAAGTGAA AAAATGAAAATTACTGGTAACTTCACCCCATAACAAACTTAATAATTTCTGTAGCCA ATGAAAGTAAACCCCATTCAATGTTCCGAGATTTAGTATACTTGCCCCTATAAGAAA CGAAGGATTTCAGCTTCCTTACCCCATGAACAGAAATCTTCCATTTACCCCCCACTG GAGAGATCCGCCCAAACGAACAGATAATAGAAAAAAGAAATTCGGACAAATAGAA CACTTTCTCAGCCAATTAAAGTCATTCCATGCACTCCCTTTAGCTGCCGTTCCATCCC TTTGTTGAGCAACACCATCGTTAGCCAGTACGAAAGAGGAAACTTAACCGATACCTT GGAGAAATCTAAGGCGCGAATGAGTTTAGCCTAGATATCCTTAGTGAAGGGTTGTTC CGATACTTCTCCACATTCAGTCATAGATGGGCAGCTTTGTTATCATGAAGAGACGGA AACGGGCATTAAGGGTTAACCGCCAAATTATATAAAGACAACATGTCCCCAGTTTA AAGTTTTTCTTTCCTATTCTTGTATCCTGAGTGACCGTTGTGTTTAATATAACAAGTT CGTTTTAACTTAAGACCAAAACCAGTTACAACAAATTATAACCCCTCTAAACACTAA AGTTCACTCTTATCAAACTATCAAACATCAAAA AOX1 promoter SEQ ID NO: 3 AGATCTAACATCCAAAGACGAAAGGTTGAATGAAACCTTTTTGCCATCCGACATCCA CAGGTCCATTCTCACACATAAGTGCCAAACGCAACAGGAGGGGATACACTAGCAGC AGACCGTTGCAAACGCAGGACCTCCACTCCTCTTCTCCTCAACACCCACTTTTGCCA TCGAAAAACCAGCCCAGTTATTGGGCTTGATTGGAGCTCGCTCATTCCAATTCCTTCT ATTAGGCTACTAACACCATGACTTTATTAGCCTGTCTATCCTGGCCCCCCTGGCGAG GTTCATGTTTGTTTATTTCCGAATGCAACAAGCTCCGCATTACACCCGAACATCACTC CAGATGAGGGCTTTCTGAGTGTGGGGTCAAATAGTTTCATGTTCCCCAAATGGCCCA AAACTGACAGTTTAAACGCTGTCTTGGAACCTAATATGACAAAAGCGTGATCTCATC CAAGATGAACTAAGTTTGGTTCGTTGAAATGCTAACGGCCAGTTGGTCAAAAAGAA ACTTCCAAAAGTCGGCATACCGTTTGTCTTGTTTGGTATTGATTGACGAATGCTCAA AAATAATCTCATTAATGCTTAGCGCAGTCTCTCTATCGCTTCTGAACCCCGGTGCACC TGTGCCGAAACGCAAATGGGGAAACACCCGCTTTTTGGATGATTATGCATTGTCTCC ACATTGTATGCTTCCAAGATTCTGGTGGGAATACTGCTGATAGCCTAACGTTCATGA TCAAAATTTAACTGTTCTAACCCCTACTTGACAGCAATATATAAACAGAAGGAAGCT GCCCTGTCTTAAACCTTTTTTTTTATCATCATTATTAGCTTACTTTCATAATTGCGACT GGTTCCAATTGACAAGCTTTTGATTTTAACGACTTTTAACGACAACTTGAGAAGATC AAAAAACAACTAATTATTCGAAACG GAPDH promoter SEQ ID NO: 4 AGATCTTTTTTGTAGAAATGTCTTGGTGTCCTCGTCCAATCAGGTAGCCATCTCTGAA ATATCTGGCTCCGTTGCAACTCCGAACGACCTGCTGGCAACGTAAAATTCTCCGGGG TAAAACTTAAATGTGGAGTAATGGAACCAGAAACGTCTCTTCCCTTCTCTCTCCTTCC ACCGCCCGTTACCGTCCCTAGGAAATTTTACTCTGCTGGAGAGCTTCTTCTACGGCC CCCTTGCAGCAATGCTCTTCCCAGCATTACGTTGCGGGTAAAACGGAGGTCGTGTAC CCGACCTAGCAGCCCAGGGATGGAAAAGTCCCGGCCGTCGCTGGCAATAATAGCGG GCGGACGCATGTCATGAGATTATTGGAAACCACCAGAATCGAATATAAAAGGCGAA CACCTTTCCCAATTTTGGTTTCTCCTGACCCAAAGACTTTAAATTTAATTTATTTGTCC CTATTTCAATCAATTGAACAACTAT	0
By thus distributing the first color print data to head buffers 310 and 320 , the printing paper P can be printed using ink from both ink cartridges 210 and 220 . Ink can thus be consumed substantially equally from ink cartridges 210 and 220 so that both ink cartridges 210 and 220 are replaced at the same time. As a result, the ink cartridges are replaced half as frequently as when printing the first color print data using only the first ink cartridge 210 .	0
The turret 60 may have four stop fences 63 , 64 , 65 and 66 corresponding to workpiece thickness, which are also illustrated as “1 (½)”, “2 (⅝)”, “3 (¾)” and “4 (+1)”, numeric notes, on top. The distance between the center of fastener 61 and each of four stop fences 63 , 64 , 65 and 66 is selected to position the longitudinal placement of the workpiece against fence face 51 b. As an example, FIGS. 1 and 2A show the pocket-hole drilling in a 25 mm (1 inch) thick workpiece. To drill a pocket-hole in a 13 mm (½ inch) thick workpiece, loosen fasteners 54 and 61 , move the fence 50 in the −Y′-direction, rotate turrets 60 180 degrees, move the fence in the +Y′-direction for the fence rear 51 d to urge with the stop face 63 , fasten fasteners 54 and 61 to lock the position of fence and L-bracket, then lower the air cylinder 72 to reach the pad 74 approximately 5 mm ( 3/16 inch) above workpiece by loosening and tightening fastener 73 .	0
As a further matter, connector 350 may be cast to define apertures 351 and threads 357 . Existing links may also be retrofit to define one or more apertures with the configuration of apertures 351 . That is, apertures may be milled into an existing link such that connection system 400 may be utilized with the existing link. As a further alternative, a threaded insert with a frustroconical configuration may also be welded or otherwise secured into existing links for incorporating connection system 400 .	0
FIG. 4 is a horizontal cross-sectional side elevation view of a well casing and propped fracture showing flow of the injected gas and oil with progressive growth of the mobile oil zone.	0
(5) As illustrated in FIG. 39, in the aforementioned embodiments, an evaporator 151 may be provided instead of the coolant cooler 14 and the cooler core 16 . The evaporator 151 is an air-cooling heat exchanger that cools blast air into the vehicle interior by exchanging heat between a low-pressure side refrigerant of the refrigeration cycle 21 and the blast air into the vehicle interior.	0
Fullerene and potassium hydroxide were mixed at a weight ratio of 4:1, and stirred at 500° C. for 60 minutes to activate the material. An electric double layer capacitor was fabricated in the same manner as in Example A above except that the alkali-activated fullerene prepared in the just-described manner was used as the carbon material of the polarizable electrodes.	0
The IG shades often include a bar at the top and/or bottom of the shade to which the shade material is attached. Ideally, the bars remain level within the window, even after repeated operation. In reality, the bars often move out of level over time. Re-leveling the bars is difficult to impossible given the inaccessibility of the shade.	0
FIGS. 8A and 8B are graphical displays, which are shown as screen displays of a mobile device 804 , one two possible ways of displaying and otherwise presenting information in a mobile environment. In these examples, smoothness 800 is presented as a discrete number (e.g., 100) with a heading “Smoothness,” which is also presented adjacent to an average value over the course of a run and a value for a lap. Referring to FIG. 8A, similarly, Vertical Oscillation and Ground Contact Time are presented. Also, since individual jerk values are transmitted, the device may calculate a display with graphic depictions of x, y and z jerk. Here, bars 806 (a, b, c) are presented along the x, y and z axis, and the bars are color coded. If the individual jerk calculation falls within an acceptable threshold, the bars are colored green. If the jerk falls within a range, then yellow may be displayed (indicated more jerk and less smoothness) and finally, if jerk falls outside the range, then the red may be displayed. Similarly, the size of the bar may be an indicator of the jerk magnitude. In the illustrated example, each x, y and z bar is of a slightly different width indicating more or less jerk for each dimension with a larger width indicating relatively larger jerk. In FIG. 8B, Pace and Cadence are presented.	0
In other embodiments, a silane/borane agent is not utilized every cycle but only in some of the cycles. In this situation, a general pulsing sequence for carbon-containing metal thin film deposition can be:	0
Another embodiment of the invention is the growing management system utilizing a nutrient/flavor blasting system to maximize nutrient/flavor levels for a projected and/or actual consumption time as compared to store delivery time. The blasting system, in combination with sensors provides a precise blast of the appropriate red and/or blue spectrum for a specified number of hours to significantly increase the nutrients.	0
Although the concentrated solution separated from the concentrated solution flowing through the concentrated solution pipe 2 and introduced into the low-temperature absorber A is mixed with the medium-concentration solution from the high-temperature absorber AH and the mixed solution is introduced into the low-temperature absorber A in the above two-stage absorption heat pump, the concentrated solution and the medium-concentration solution may be separately introduced into the low-temperature absorber A at different points. For example, the concentrated solution may be first introduced from the inlet of the low-temperature absorber A and the medium-concentration solution may be introduced from an intermediate portion of the low-temperature absorber A.	0
Ala Pro Thr Ser Ser Ser Thr Lys Lys Thr Gln Leu Gln Leu Glu His	0
According to a typical patty-forming apparatus, a supply of food product 26 is contained within a hopper 30 and conveyed into a food pump 36 comprising a piston or plunger 38 that compresses the food product into a cylinder 40 . The food product 26 is directed through a tube valve 42 which directs the pressurized food product through a fill channel 46 . A reciprocating mold plate is located above the fill channel 46 when in a filling position and reciprocates to a discharge or knockout position such that the filled mold cavities are exposed wherein a knockout mechanism 50 removes the patties from the mold plate cavities. The knockout mechanism 50 includes a knockout drive 52 which vertically reciprocates knockout cups 56 which are sized slightly smaller than the cavities, and correspond in number and in shape to the cavities such that the downward traveling knockout cops remove the patties from the respective cavities. A breather plate is located above the mold plate. The breather plate provides breather holes to remove air from the cavities during filling.	0
The audio encoding and decoding of this invention supports G.711, G.729 and G.723. The process of audio processing is shown in FIG. 4: after the SIP session is set up between A and B, C, D.	0
The term “amino acid” refers to naturally occurring and synthetic amino acids, as well as amino acid analogs and amino acid mimetics that function in a manner similar to the naturally occurring amino acids. Naturally occurring amino acids are those encoded by the genetic code, as well as those amino acids that are later modified, e.g., hydroxyproline, γ-carboxyglutamate, and O-phosphoserine. Amino acid analogs refers to compounds that have the same basic chemical structure as a naturally occurring amino acid, i.e., an a carbon that is bound to a hydrogen, a carboxyl group, an amino group, and an R group, e.g., homoserine, norleucine, methionine sulfoxide, methionine methyl sulfonium. Such analogs have modified R groups (e.g., norleucine) or modified peptide backbones, but retain the same basic chemical structure as a naturally occurring amino acid. Amino acid mimetics refers to chemical compounds that have a structure that is different from the general chemical structure of an amino acid, but that functions in a manner similar to a naturally occurring amino acid.	0
The memory 120 stores displacement information 121 therein. The memory 120 includes a RAM (random access memory) or a ROM (read-only memory). The memory 120 is an example of a storage unit. The memory 120 may store therein programs and various data to be used by the CPU 110 or the like.	0
By adopting such a configuration, the endoscope 1 can be such that it is possible to prevent the bending operation lever 21 from being shifted when the suction button 24 is pressed down more.	0
Accordingly, any such particulate adhesive can be evaluated for use as disclosed herein.	0
Next, during step 68 , a failure detection is done based on the failure detection parameter CUMUC 2 observed in step 66 .	0
These experimental results demonstrate clearly that appropriate myopia-reducing stimuli in only the peripheral field (in essence localized stimulation of only the periphery) are effective and sufficient to retard or prevent the development or reduce, eliminate or reverse the progression of myopia. While the experiment addressed mainly form-deprivation myopia, we postulate that the link between form-deprivation and lens compensation myopia in general would mean that localized lens compensation effects (i.e. applied only to the peripheral retina—in essence, under-correction applied only to the peripheral field) would also provide similar stimuli for myopia reduction. Under-correction of only the peripheral field is advantageous over the conventional approaches as it would permit sharply focused images of the central field to continue to reach the fovea, hence the wearer can continue to enjoy clear central, foveal vision necessary for good visual acuity (e.g. for driving, reading, watching TV, etc). This is the main principle of this present invention and is explained in greater details with FIGS. 4 e and 4 f.	0
In one embodiment, polynucleotides of the present invention which encode the engineered coagulation factors are inserted into expression vectors (i.e., a nucleic acid construct) to enable expression of the recombinant polypeptide. In one embodiment, the expression vector of the present invention includes additional sequences which render this vector suitable for replication and integration in prokaryotes. In one embodiment, the expression vector of the present invention includes additional sequences which render this vector suitable for replication and integration in eukaryotes. In one embodiment, the expression vector of the present invention includes a shuttle vector which renders this vector suitable for replication and integration in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes. In some embodiments, cloning vectors comprise transcription and translation initiation sequences (e.g., promoters, enhances) and transcription and translation terminators (e.g., polyadenylation signals).	0
As can be seen in FIG. 3, the axis 36 of apertures 22 may vary from 60 to 110° with respect to the tangent 39 through the bone contacting surface 40 of plate 10 .	0
Between the boxes 58, 59 for the cam disks there is a fabric removing arrangement comprising two delivery rolls 76 and 77, as well as two pressure rolls 78 and 79 for the knitted fabric 80 produced by the guide needles 27, 28. The fabric winds around the delivery rolls 76 and 77 between the upper pressure roll 78. The delivery rolls 76, 77 are driven positively. The pressure rolls 78, 79 have been mounted to be shifted towards and away fram each other. The pressure roll 78 is drawn by the material 80 winding around it, into the wedge-shaped gap between the delivery rolls 76 and 77. However the pressure roll 79 is pressed against the delivery rolls 76, 77 by the force of a spring (not shown).	0
One embodiment is directed to an oven for heating fibers. The oven comprises a plurality of walls forming a chamber and a supply structure disposed within the chamber between first and second ends of the chamber. The supply structure is in communication with a first heating system and is configured to direct heated gas from the first heating system into a first portion of the chamber. The supply structure is in communication with a second heating system and is configured to direct heated gas from the second heating system into a second portion of the chamber.	0
The tail vein was transected 2.7 cm from the tail tip 15 min (injection 1), 24 hours (injection 2) or 48 hours (injection 3) post-administration, and mice survival was recorded for 24 hours.	0
Tyr Asn Ala Ala Ile Asn Lys Tyr Asn His Asp Ile Ala Leu Leu Glu	0
With the electrode assembly 24 in the operating state 42 , pain nerve stimulation is conducted (typically 50 Hz DC biphasic pulses) to ensure the RF energy is applied to the proper pain nerve. Next, motor nerve stimulation steps are then taken to ensure destructive energy is not applied to motor nerves. This process is typically performed by apply a signal at approximately 2 Hz. The signal applied at this point in the procedure is typically at a power level of 5 Watts or less.	0
In addition, other acceptors, or acceptor moieties, can be used with the structure (I). Examples include those shown in FIG. 2. The structures shown in FIG. 2 can be used in monomers, dimers, trimers, oligomers, and polymers. The side group can be varied and is not limited by shown structure in FIG. 2. See, for example, description of R above for types of side groups which can be used in the structures of (I). In FIG. 2, the representation of —R or R— means a linkage site for a reactive group, or a linkage site for, after reaction, linking into another moiety like a dimer, trimer, oligomer, or polymer. Two of these sites means the moiety can be bivalently linked to another moiety including a polymer chain.	0
In examples described above using a pattern 429 of liquid ink, after moistening liquid 420 has been removed from moistened medium 42 , the solute remains on the medium 42 . The solute can be colorant forming an image.	0
FIG. 5 is a perspective view of the shoe protector of FIG. 1, shown apart from a shoe;	0
The water receiving part 31 may be configured to hold water inside the fireproof door frame 30 . The water receiving part 31 may be formed inside the fireproof door frame 30 to hold water therein.	0
FVII-CTP 3 was expressed in-house in mammalian expressing system, CHO cells, using pCI-DHFR vector. Stable transfected pool #71 was grown in shake flasks, in the presence of 25 ng/L of vitamin K3 (Sigma). The harvests were collected and filtered.	0
The operation unit 7 includes a pair of left and right function keys 24 , a cancel key 25 , navigation keys 26 , a play/pause key 27 and an enter key 28 .	0
Alternatively, BPD can be diagnosed using the criteria set forth in Table 1 below from Jobe and Bancalari, Am J Respir Crit Care Med, 2001, 163:1723-1729, incorporated herein by reference in its entirety for all purposes. TABLE 1 Gestational Age &#x3c;32 weeks ≧32 weeks Time point 36 weeks PMA or discharge >28 days but &#x3c;56 days of assessment to home, whichever comes post-natal age or dis- first charge to home, which- ever comes first Infants have already been Infants have already been treated with oxygen >21% treated with oxygen for at least 28 days plus >21% for at least 28 days plus Mild BPD Breathing room air at 36 Breathing room air by 56 weeks PMA or discharge, days post-natal age or whichever comes first discharge, whichever comes first Moderate BPD Need for &#x3c;30% oxygen at 36 Need for &#x3c;30% oxygen weeks PMA or discharge, at 56 days post-natal age whichever comes first or discharge, whichever comes first Severe BPD Need for ≧30% oxygen Need for ≧30% oxygen and/or positive pressure (e.g., and/or positive pressure PPV or NCPAPA) at 36 (e.g., PPV or NCPAPA) weeks PMA or discharge, at 56 days post-natal age whichever comes first or discharge, whichever comes first	0
In an aspect, the vehicle 402 may determine the fractional energy of the total energy based on the sequence included in the received signal. For example, the vehicle 402 may select the first signal 410 and identify the sequence carried therein. The vehicle 402 may detect the energy with which the sequence was received on one or more resources. In other words, the vehicle 402 may detect the fractional energy of the sequence included in the first signal 410 .	0
Computing device 14 may also be configured to continuously evaluate coordinates received from the navigation system for any “light operating location” flags or designations embedded therein or associated therewith, to turn on the associated exterior lights when the vehicle is in the light operating location or approaching the light operating location, and to turn off the lights when the vehicle is no longer in the light operating location. The computing system 14 may also be configured to operate the associated vehicle lights, either when the vehicle in the light operating location accordance with the received operating parameters.	0
Further embodiment of the present invention includes a method, wherein blends of inorganic salt like sodium dithionite and certain lactams, including but not limited to epsilon caprolactam, are used to mitigate the effects of polymerization in the caustic wash unit system. Thus a blend of inorganic salts like sodium dithionite and lactam, particularly epsilon caprolactam, not only inhibits polymer formation but also dissolves the polymers already existing in the caustic scrubber.	0
The beads or capsules may be applied to any portion of the applicator but preferably they are concentrated at the surface or in the upper surface portion of the applicator. This allows maximal transfer of the wax phase to the skin or to the surface to which the product is applied.	0
FIG. 15 is an exterior perspective view of the guide mechanism of FIG. 14 as seen from a different direction;	0
FIG. 2 is a functional block diagram illustrating some core architectural components of a packet transceiver module that can be coupled to a remote field device according to one exemplary embodiment of the invention.	0
First, in order to determine the cutting position in the direction (lateral direction) orthogonal to the feeding direction of the workpiece cloth, the lower knife 12 is positioned in the lateral direction. The lower knife is positioned by the lower knife adjusting means capable of adjusting the moving position of the lower knife holder 20 in the lateral direction.	0
FIG. 3B shows an illuminance distribution in an optical axis direction;	0
As is apparent from Table 2, the fiber which has been treated with the fiber treatment agent composition of the present invention imparts excellent feeling to the resultant fiber product, exhibits smoothness of the fiber product when a person wears the same, improves touch to the skin, enhance the moisturizing effect, and mitigates itchiness of the skin.	0
A PLA (programmable logic array) is commonly known as flexibly providing a sum of products function of input signals. A PLA typically includes an AND-plane and an OR-plane for providing the sum of products. A DPLA (dynamic programmable logic array) also includes clock signals for controlling timing of operation of the DPLA.	0
FIG. 15 is a top plan view of the ironing aid as now released from the clothing and illustrating the manner in which the latch mechanism is kept engaged as the ironing aid is withdrawn from the clothing;	0
In the formula (a), A and B are a carboxyl group or a —CF 3 group and either of A and B is a carboxyl group.	0
In general, the separation process comprises an adsorption step wherein a hydrocarbon vapor feed stream containing straight-chain monoolefin and branched-chain monoolefin is passed into one end of an adsorber containing a molecular sieve having a pore diameter of about 5 Angstroms. The molecular sieve has adsorbed thereon straight-chain paraffinic hydrocarbon, most suitably normal hexane. A first effluent stream is obtained from the other end of the adsorber. The first effluent stream contains branched-chain monoolefin and the straight-chain paraffin hydrocarbon. Straight-chain monoolefin has been adsorbed by the molecular sieve.	0
Lys Leu Gly Ile Lys Leu Pro Leu Gly Arg Asp Gly Ser Glu Pro Lys	0
In some examples, the lower spring seat 414 and/or the upper spring seat 416 may have protrusions (e.g., annular ring-shaped protrusions) 460 to further constrain the spring 418 (e.g., prevent side-to-side or lateral motion of the spring 418 ). Alternatively, other biasing elements may be used instead of springs (e.g., fluid bladders, etc.). The actuator 400 may have a single spring or multiple springs between the lower spring seat 414 and the upper spring seat 416 . Multiple springs may be arranged in a concentric pattern or may be arranged in a non-concentric pattern. Employing multiple springs may allow compactness of the actuator 400 (e.g., higher spring force per displacement) and/or greater redundancy, etc.	0
The inner frame 91 includes a circular frame portion 911 having an axial dimension or width and a radial dimension or thickness. “Axial” refers to a direction in which a central axis of the inner frame 91 extends. The inner frame 91 also includes an adjusting portion which is capable of adjusting a diameter of the frame portion 911 . The user adjusts the diameter of the inner frame 91 according to a thickness of the workpiece cloth 100 to be held between the inner and middle frames 91 and 92 . The adjusting portion 915 includes a split portion 916 , a pair of screw attachment portions 917 and an adjusting screw 918 .	0
Lys Glu Leu Leu Gln Met Leu Glu Lys Gln Lys Lys Asn	0
FIG. 18 is a cross section taken along the line 18--18 in FIG. 17;	0
Further, the display unit 8 (liquid crystal display 29 ) enables the operator to perform the maintenance work in the printer main body 2 in an arbitrary posture easy to view the liquid crystal display 29 by being made detachably attachable to the printer main body 2 and in a state where wired or wireless data communication with the control unit 10 of the printer main body 2 is possible.	0
FIG. 5(b) is a view of example jet widths of a first nozzle for the upper limits.	0
One embodiment provides for preparing high purity intermediates, such as trimers.	0
If the motor vehicle 1 is in contrast in its downhill position (see FIG. 2) in the individual driving modes P, R, N and D the gears shown in the second column of the table according to FIG. 2 are engaged. For the parking mode P as well as for the idle driving mode N now the reverse gear G_reverse is maintained in engagement.	0
FIG. 4 is a timing diagram illustrating the reading operation in the second embodiment. FIG. 5A is a graph illustrating the polarization of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe during the reading operation in FIG. 4 when ‘0’ information is stored; FIG. 5B is a graph illustrating the polarization of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe during the reading operation when ‘1’ information is stored.	0
The following examples further illustrate the invention but, of course, should not be construed as in any way limiting its scope.	0
Another way for producing a steel cord with oval cross-section is that arranging the round steel wires based on the geometrical characters of oval, e.g. JP-A-09-268485. The drawbacks are that the ply reinforced by such steel cord is still very thick, the process of manufacturing the steel cord is not very easy to operate, and the producing cost is very high.	0
To address this issue, tufting machines have been developed to enable the tufting head component of the machine to advance multi-directionally and along perpendicular axes in order to tuft a pattern into a fixedly held backing piece. U.S. Pat. No. 5,743,200 to Miller, et al. discloses such an apparatus for manufacturing tufted rugs. Resembling the construction of the machine of the present invention, the Miller tufting machine employs a gantry component which carries a tufting head adapted to move along an X-axis (i.e., lateral relative to the backing), while the gantry is movable along a Y-axis (i.e., longitudinal relative to the backing). The Miller tufting head is disposed above the backing material, and it is mounted to the gantry via its attachment to a frame which is gearably connected to and movable along the gantry. The tufting head generally comprises a cylinder that is slidably secured to the frame, a piston that reciprocates within the cylinder, a needle that is secured to the bottom end of the cylinder and a blade that is positioned within the needle and is secured to the bottom of the piston. The blade projects from and retracts into the needle to assist the needle in protruding down through the backing to form loop pile tufts therein. The Miller tufting machine also includes a second, lower gantry that is disposed below the backing material and moves along a Y-axis in synchronicity with the upper gantry. This lower gantry provides underlying support for the backing material in order to limit the downward deflection that would otherwise result from the pressure applied by the blade and needle operating on the backing.	0
One skilled in the art will recognize that the various components or technologies may provide certain necessary or beneficial functionality or features. Accordingly, these functions and features as may be needed in support of the appended claims and variations thereof, are recognized as being inherently included as a part of the teachings herein and a part of the invention disclosed.	0
The mirror elements 23 are arranged in a substrate 30 . The latter is mechanically connected to a mirror body 32 by way of a thermal conduction portion 31 . An articulation body 33 which permits a tilt of the mirror body 32 relative to the substrate 30 is part of the thermal conduction portion 31 . The articulation body 33 can be embodied as a flexure which permits a tilt of the mirror body 32 about defined tilt degrees of freedom, for example about one or two tilt axes, which, in particular, are arranged perpendicular to one another. The articulation body 33 has an outer holding ring 34 , which is fastened to the substrate 30 . Furthermore, the articulation body 33 has an inner holding body 35 connected to the outer holding ring 34 in an articulated manner. Said holding body is arranged centrally under a reflection surface 36 of the mirror element 23 . A spacer 37 is arranged between the central holding body 35 and the reflection surface 36 .	0
The applicant of the present invention has therefore developed a number of laparoscopic instruments that greatly facilitates a laparoscopic operation and thus shortens the operation time. These instruments are disclosed in the patent application, publication no. WO2007/073343. With the aid of these instruments both the entering of the thread through the tissues as well as the following knotting are handled much more easily than before. There is also described a method and a device where the ends of the thread through the tissue are brought together not by a knot but by a metal clip which is pressed by the device to secure the threads.	0
As used herein, the term “multicomponent” refers to fibers formed from at least two polymers (e.g., bicomponent fibers) that are extruded from separate extruders. The polymers are arranged in substantially constantly positioned distinct zones across the cross-section of the fibers. The components may be arranged in any desired configuration, such as sheath-core, side-by-side, segmented pie, island-in-the-sea, and so forth. Various methods for forming multicomponent fibers are described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,789,592 to Taniguchi et al. and U.S. Pat. No. 5,336,552 to Strack et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,108,820 to Kaneko, et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,795,668 to Kruege, et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,382,400 to Pike, et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,336,552 to Strack, et al., and U.S. Pat. No. 6,200,669 to Marmon, et al., which are incorporated herein in their entirety by reference thereto for all purposes. Multicomponent fibers having various irregular shapes may also be formed, such as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,277,976 to Hogle, et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,162,074 to Hills, U.S. Pat. No. 5,466,410 to Hills, U.S. Pat. No. 5,069,970 to Largman, et al., and U.S. Pat. No. 5,057,368 to Largman, et al., which are incorporated herein in their entirety by reference thereto for all purposes.	0
Consequently, when transferring the stitch loop from the transfer jack to the knitting needle located thereunder, the stitch loop can be easily transferred without being pushed by the hook portion of the knitting needle moving forward to be thereby kept from becoming engaged with the hook portion or without falling off.	0
Woven fibrous layers were formed from monolayer polypropylene tape fibers in a plain weave with a fabric weight of 0.3 lb/yd 2 . Ten (10) fiber layers were cut to a foot square (12″×12″) and stacked. The layers were placed between two aluminum platens consolidated at various temperatures (T=320° F., 300° F., 250° F.) and pressures (P=2500 psi, 50 psi) for 10 minutes of heating time. The sample was then subsequently cooled to 100° F. The cooling rate was approximately 20° F./minute.	0
Viscosity (bulk viscosity; η; measured at 20° C.; mPa·s): The mixture of the compound and the mother liquid crystals was measured with E type viscometer.	0
At act S 2 , the VIM performs analysis on the related alarm and determines whether the alarm is correlated to a VNF instance.	0
Guide 50 is rotated in the direction of arrow 99 about axis .PHI. at a resultant angle of rotation and fiber 90 is supplied by spool 91 to the corresponding fingers in each of the combs on the respective rings. As stated above, spool 91 can also be moved/rotated in relation to guide structure 50 to properly align the fiber. Fiber 90 is kept tangential to the meridians of guide 50 in order to accommodate the bend sensitivity of the fiber. As stated above, an input is connected to an output by aligning fiber 90 through equivalent paths, either by traversing the northern hemisphere 60 or the southern hemisphere 70 depending on the direction of rotation of guide 50 about axis .PHI.. In this example, guide 50 is rotated in direction 99.	0
If the coordinated control signal 122 of FIG. 3 is instead implemented as a digital signal, a first group of bits (e.g., one or more bits) of the digital signal may indicate a desired position of the first flow control member 106 of the first valve 104 , and a second group of bits of the digital signal may indicate a desired position of the second flow control member 110 of the second valve 108 . For example, a first instance of the digital coordinated control signal 122 coded in a first manner may include a first group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the first flow control member 106 of the first valve 104 is to be in a fully-open (e.g., 100% open) position, and a second group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the second flow control member 110 of the second valve 108 is to be in a fully-open (e.g., 100% open) position. A second instance of the digital coordinated control signal 122 coded in a second manner may include a first group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the first flow control member 106 of the first valve 104 is to be in a fully-open (e.g., 100% open) position, and a second group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the second flow control member 110 of the second valve 108 is to be in a fully-closed (e.g., 0% open) position. A third instance of the digital coordinated control signal 122 coded in a third manner may include a first group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the first flow control member 106 of the first valve 104 is to be in a fully-closed (e.g., 0% open) position, and a second group of bits indicating to the valve controller 102 that the second flow control member 110 of the second valve 108 is to be in a fully-open (e.g., 100% open) position.	0
When the target temperature THO of the heater core 17 is equal to the target temperature THO 2 of the heat transfer device 81 , the temperature of one (which is set arbitrarily or in advance) of the heater core 17 and the heat transfer device 81 may be controlled through the adjustment of the flow rate of refrigerant, and the temperature of the other device may be controlled through the adjustment of the flow rate of coolant.	0
The resistance genes were removed by using plasmid pCP20 as described by Datsenko. & Wanner (2000). Briefly, the clones harboring the pCP20 plasmid were cultivated at 37° C. on LB and then tested for loss of antibiotic resistance at 30° C. Antibiotic sensitive clones were then verified by PCR using primers listed in Table 1.	0
CLK 1 is coupled to the gates of a first PMOSFET MP 1 and a first NMOSFET MN 1 that are coupled to high and low voltages, V DD and V SS respectively, for charging/discharging the first product term line 102 depending on a logical state of CLK 1 . CLK 1 is also coupled to the gates of a second PMOSFET MP 2 and a second NMOSFET MN 2 that are coupled to V DD and V SS respectively for charging/discharging the second product term line 104 depending on the logical state of CLK 1 .	0
The present application encompasses the contents of Japanese Patent Application No. 2008-28459 filed on Feb. 8, 2008.	0
In step F, compound (6) is heated in the presence of base (f) to produce the compound represented by formula (5). Step F may be performed by a known method, for example, according to the method disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,308,107B or U.S. Pat. No. 6,664,431B. These publications are incorporated herein by reference.	0
Another method of creating a monomeric IL-2 mutein Fc-fusion protein is fusing the IL-2 mutein to a monomeric Fc, i.e., an Fc region that does not dimerize. Stable monomeric Fcs comprise mutations that discourage dimerization and that stabilize the molecule in the monomeric form. Preferred monomeric Fcs are disclosed in WO 2011/063348, which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. In certain embodiments, IL-2 mutein Fc fusion proteins comprise an Fc comprising negatively charged amino acids at positions 392 and 409 along with a threonine substitution at Y349, L351, L368, V397, L398, F405, or Y407.	0
On each of internal electrode paste of the examples 1 to 12 and 20 to 25 and comparative examples 1 to 8, “a dripping degree” was measured. The results are shown in Table 1. Note that the “dripping degree” was measured as below. First, a metal cylinder having an inner diameter of φ20 nm was put on a horizontally placed flat glass plate, and 5 g of internal electrode paste was poured in the cylinder. Then, the metal cylinder was pulled up vertically. When the metal cylinder was pulled up, the internal electrode paste loosing from a restraint by an inner wall of the cylinder spread out on the glass. After two minutes from the pulling up of the metal cylinder, an area of the internal electrode paste spread from the original cylinder bottom area was obtained. A value obtained by dividing the area by weight of the paste put on the glass plate was considered as “a dripping degree” (cm 2 /g). Easily dripping paste, that is, internal electrode paste having a large “dripping degree” spreads wider in a certain time. When the “dripping degree” exceeds 4 cm 2 /g, the backside and blurs of the paste becomes notable at screen printing of the internal electrode paste to make printing difficult. Therefore, the dripping degree is preferably 4 cm 2 /g or lower.	0
The dark field illumination 156 and the bright field illumination 112 may have a first illumination spectrum, and the diffuse bright field illumination 124 may have a second illumination spectrum that is different than the first illumination spectrum. More specifically, the illumination sources 1952 a - b of the dark field illumination system and the illumination sources of the bright field illumination system may emit electromagnetic radiation within a first range of wavelengths, and the illumination sources 1920 a - d of the diffuse bright field illumination system may emit electromagnetic radiation within a second range of wavelengths. Thus, the dark field illumination system and the bright field illumination system may each illuminate at least part of the field of view with a first illumination spectrum, and the diffuse bright field illumination system may illuminate at least part of the field of view with a second illumination spectrum. The second illumination spectrum may be broader than the first illumination spectrum. For example, the first illumination spectrum may include electromagnetic radiation primarily from 650 nm to 700 nm, and the second illumination spectrum may include electromagnetic radiation primarily from 400 nm to 700 nm.	0
FIG. 4 is a rock cutting pattern for the building panel of the present invention.	0
In addition to possessing a lower molecular weight, the modified aliphatic-aromatic copolyester may also have a lower apparent viscosity and higher melt flow index than the starting polyester. The apparent viscosity may for instance, be reduced so that the ratio of the starting copolyester viscosity to the modified copolyester viscosity is at least about 1.1, in some embodiments at least about 2, and in some embodiments, from about 10 to about 40. Likewise, the melt flow index may be increased so that the ratio of the modified copolyester melt flow index to the starting copolyester melt flow index is at least about 1.5, in some embodiments at least about 3, in some embodiments at least about 10, and in some embodiments, from about 20 to about 200. In one particular embodiment, the modified copolyester may have an apparent viscosity of from about 25 to about 500 Pascal seconds (Pa·s), in some embodiments from about 50 to about 400 Pa·s, and in some embodiments, from about 100 to about 300 Pa·s, as determined at a temperature of 150° C. and a shear rate of 1000 sec −1 . The melt flow index (190° C., 2.16 kg) of the modified copolyester may range from about 5 to about 200 grams per 10 minutes, in some embodiments from about 10 to about 100 grams per 10 minutes, and in some embodiments, from about 15 to about 50 grams per 10 minutes. Of course, the extent to which the molecular weight, apparent viscosity, and/or melt flow index are altered by the alcoholysis reaction may vary depending on the intended application.	0
Further, in order to display information corresponding to the phase of the phase manipulation command on the screen of the display, pieces of information corresponding to the respective phases must be classified and stored for respective phases in the DB of the server or the memory unit of the terminal.	0
Referring now to FIGS. 4E and 4F, as previously described, compensator 350 provides a reservoir for hydraulic fluid, accommodates thermal expansion of hydraulic fluid in deliquification pump 100 , provides hydraulic fluid for lubrication of motor 300 and hydraulic pump 200 , and replenishes hydraulic fluid in pumps 110 , 200 that may be lost to the surrounding environment over time (e.g., through leaking seals, etc.). Compensator 350 has a first or upper end 350 a coupled to electric motor 300 and a second or lower end 350 b coupled to separator 400 . In addition, compensator 350 includes a housing 351 extending axially between ends 350 a, b , an internal chamber 360 within housing 351 , an annular piston 370 disposed within chamber 360 , and a biasing assembly 380 axially positioned between piston 370 and end 350 b . Tubular conduit 205 extends axially through compensator 350 , motor 300 , and hydraulic pump 200 , and provides well fluids 15 from separator 400 to fluid end pump 110 .	0
The engaging pawls Rp of the swingable levers Rbo for reverse rotation and odd-number speed of the first speed are drawn inward by the movement of the cam rods Cbo for reverse rotation and odd-number speed.	0
R 34 and R 35 are the same and each is methyl or ethyl, and R 36 and R 37 are linked to each other to form a tetrahydropyrimidine ring.	0
The air file comprises a body, a fastening member, and a driving assembly. The body has a handle and a front cover connected to the handle. The fastening member is swingably assembled to the front cover and has a pivoting end and a connecting end. The pivoting end of the fastening member is inserted inside the front cover. The connecting end of the fastening member extends out of the front cover. The driving assembly is mounted inside the body and has an eccentric shaft and a swinging unit. The eccentric shaft is connected to a driving device and has an eccentric hole facing to the front cover. The swinging unit has a pivoting portion and a ball joint. The pivoting portion is pivotally connected to the pivoting end of the fastening member. The ball joint is engaged in the eccentric hole of the eccentric shaft.	0
The present invention relates to a maze structure which is capable of changing rolling paths.	0
During operation of the nozzle assembly 100 , air is drawn through the central circuit 104 and the corner air circuits 105 from the engine's compressor section 14 . The inlet tube 80 supplies fuel to the first fuel circuit 106 and the inlet tube 90 supplies fuel to the second fuel circuit 107 . The circuits 106 - 107 can supply the same fuel (e.g., jet fuel supplied from a common tank), with the first circuit 106 only being used during start-up or low power conditions and both circuits 106 - 107 being used during high power conditions. (A staged fuel supply such as this is a common requirement for a gas turbine engine in an aircraft application.)	0
In another embodiment, the acid is preferably phosphoric acid in combination with acetic, formic or citric acid or acid salts thereof.	0
U.S. Pat. No. 5,194,143, granted to Roling describes and claims a method for inhibiting the formation of polymeric based fouling deposits during the basic washings of olefins containing hydrocarbon contaminated with oxygenated compounds comprising adding to the wash about 1 to 10000 ppm acetoacetate ester compound having the formula CH sub 3 COCH sub 2 c sub x H sub, where x is an integer from about 1 to about 8 and y is an integer from about 3 to about 17. Similarly, this patent does not discuss the problems related to removal of already existing polymers, nor does it provide solution for removal of carbonyl compounds and polymers thereof which are unscavenged during the inhibition process.	0
Lys Gly Lys Ala Thr Leu Thr Val Asp Lys Ser Ser Ser Thr Ala Tyr	0
FIGS. 60A and 60B show example vertical cross-section views (at different magnifications) of a portion of a 3D object (comprised of a titanium alloy). The skin (e.g., FIG. 60A, 6002; or FIG. 60B, 6022) can have a different microstructure than that of an interior portion (core) (e.g., FIG. 60A, 6004; or FIG. 60B, 6024). In some embodiments, the microstructure of the skin is indicative of a slower or faster solidification (hardening) rate than that of the interior portion (core). For example, the skin can have grains (e.g., crystals) (e.g., FIG. 60A, 6003; or FIG. 60B, 6023) that are oriented with respect to an alignment line (e.g., FIG. 60B, 6028). The alignment line may be (e.g., substantially) parallel to an exterior surface (e.g., FIG. 60A, 6001; or FIG. 60B, 6021) of the object and/or a stacking vector (e.g., “Z”) indicating a build direction of the multiple layers of material. In some embodiments, the microstructure features (e.g., grains (e.g., crystals)) of the skin may be oriented at a non-perpendicular angle (e.g., about 0 degrees, 5 degrees, 10 degrees, 15 degrees, 20 degrees, 25 degrees, 30 degrees, 35 degrees, 40 degrees, 45 degrees or 50 degrees) relative to the alignment line. The microstructure features (e.g., grains (e.g., crystals)) (e.g., FIG. 60A, 6005; or FIG. 60B, 6025) of the interior portion (core) can be oriented in a (e.g., substantially) random arrangement. At least a portion (e.g., one or more) of the microstructure features (e.g., grains (e.g., crystals)) of the core may be oriented (e.g., substantially) perpendicular to the alignment line. In some embodiments, the skin portion has a microstructure feature e.g., grain (e.g., crystal)) having an average FLS of a portion of microstructure features (e.g., grains (e.g., crystals)) of at least about 50 micrometers (μm), 100 μm, 150 μm, 200 μm, 250 μm, 300 μm, 400 μm, 500 μm or 600 μm. In some embodiments, the interior portion (core) has a microstructure feature having a FLS of at most about 50 micrometers (μm), 60 μm, 70 μm, 80 μm, 90 μm, 100 μm, 150 μm or 200 μm. The FLS can comprise a length a width. In some embodiments, a skin portion includes a microstructure feature having a FLS that is at least about 150%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%, 600% or 700% of a microstructure feature of an inner portion (core),	0
Production of primed macrophage cells i.e. those that produce TNFα were completed by a WST-1 assay to measure the toxic levels of honey samples.	0
In one aspect the present invention provides an interferometer, comprising: a wavelength-variable light source configured to emit a light with a variable wavelength; a light splitting/synthesizing member operative to split the light from the wavelength-variable light source into a measurement light to be led to a measuring object and a reference light to be led to a reference surface, and to synthesize the reference light reflected from the reference surface and the measurement light reflected from the measuring object to provide a synthesized light; an imaging unit operative to image an interference fringe image formed of the synthesized light in a certain exposure time; a controller operative to control the wavelength-variable light source to vary the wavelength of the emitted light within a certain wavelength range in the certain exposure time; and a shape computation unit operative to analyze the interference fringe image integrated in relation to the variations in wavelength within the certain wavelength range to compute the shape of the measuring object.	0
It is understood that modifications which do not substantially affect the activity of the various embodiments of this invention are also included within the definition of the invention provided herein. Those skilled in the art will readily appreciate that the specific examples and studies detailed above are only illustrative of the invention. Accordingly, specific examples disclosed herein are intended to illustrate but not limit the present invention. It also should be understood that, although the invention has been described with reference to the disclosed embodiments, various modifications can be made without departing from the spirit of the invention. Accordingly, the invention is limited only by the following claims.	0
While the graphene structure and the method of forming the same have been particularly shown and described with reference to example embodiments thereof, it will be understood by those of ordinary skill in the art that various changes in form and details may be made therein without departing from the spirit and scope of the following claims.	0
The formulation thus obtained is submitted to a compaction process, wherein the functionalized natural or synthetic calcium carbonate, the at least one pharmaceutically active ingredient or inactive precursor, formulation aids, and the optional water soluble acid, are made into granules. The granulation process can be selected from melt, dry or wet granulation process as well as roller compaction, extrusion spheronisation or hot melt extrusion. Due to the water susceptibility of the acid, wet granulation is preferably carried out using a non-water based granulation liquid. Such non-water based granulation liquid is for example ethanol 96%.	0
Methods may be invoked from within any SQScript expression. The syntax for method invocation is the name of the method followed arguments bracketed within a set of parentheses. Even in cases where there are no arguments, the parentheses are needed to denote a method invocation to the parser.	0
Referring to FIGS. 2A and 2B, in the embodiment, the electronic device 300 is, for example, a laptop computer, wherein the slot 310 is, for example, an expansion socket or a slot of other types, and the width of the slot complies with the size of a general vendible express card with 54 mm width. When a card 200 is locked on the card fixer 100 of the embodiment and the assembly thereof is inserted in the slot 310 , the width of the assembly of the card fixer 100 and the card 200 is equal to the width of the slot 310 , so that the space between the card 200 and the slot 310 is filled up by the body 110 of the card fixer 100 . Thus, the situation can be avoided where a card 200 with a smaller size is narrower than the width of the slot 310 , and thereby the card is easily moved and even detached from the slot 310 due to a mismatching accommodating space.	0
The vehicle speed of the motorcycle 1 is displayed on the vehicle speed display portion 33 of the meter panel 20 . Therefore, a rider can simultaneously view the vehicle speed of the motorcycle 1 and the current control mode on the meter panel 20 . Since a rider can easily view the vehicle speed of the motorcycle 1 , the control mode change timing becomes clear.	0
As illustrated in FIG. 29, the loading device 72 has the loading lower conveyor 101 and the loading upper conveyor 102 , and the loading upper conveyor 102 is supported by the loading upper conveyor moving device 111 so as to be movable up and down. A height sensor (connected body height detector) 281 is provided above the transport conveyor 81 . The height sensor 281 detects the height of the plurality of stacked connected cardboard box bodies B 0 above the transport conveyor 81 . This height sensor 281 is, for example, a laser sensor. The control device 231 controls the loading upper conveyor moving device 111 on the basis of the detection result of the height sensor 281 .	0
For example, when the temperature of coolant in the device connected to the heater core 17 exceeds a predetermined temperature (for example, 55° C.), a combination of the first TC control and the second TH control is executed. The heater core-blowout temperature TH can be restricted from becoming excessive by allowing and shutting off (ON and OFF) the circulation of the coolant to the heater core 17 .	0
Further areas of applicability of the present disclosure will become apparent from the detailed description provided hereinafter. It should be understood that the detailed description and specific examples, while indicating the preferred embodiment of the disclosure, are intended for purposes of illustration only and are not intended to limit the scope of the disclosure.	0
Here, in the MOSFET in the present embodiment, it is desirable that the maximum value of the nitrogen concentration is not less than 1×10 21 cm −3 in a region distant away by 10 nm or shorter from the interface between channel region 17 and gate oxide film 18 . In this way, the channel mobility can be further improved.	0
molding a collar corner blank having first and second expanses defining a corner, and a standoff portion extending from the corner, the standoff portion having a distal T-shaped structure, and	0
It is noted the purpose of the foregoing abstract is to enable the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the public generally, especially the scientists, engineers and practitioners in the art who are not familiar with patent or legal terms or phraseology, to determine quickly from a cursory inspection the nature and essence of the technical disclosure of the application. The abstract is neither intended to define the invention of the application, which is measured by the claims, nor is it intended to be limiting as to the scope of the invention in any way.	0
It should be noted that a BWT matrix ( 500 , 505 ) may be quite large; for example and without limitation, a BWT matrix ( 500 , 505 ) for a reference genome may be 3 billion by 3 billion bases. As a result, the reference string or sequence may be partitioned or divided into a plurality of smaller sections or parts, with each of the steps described in FIG. 10 performed for each such partition, with corresponding creation of an FM-index for each partition of the reference. The FM-index for each reference partition may then be utilized for searching, typically in parallel.	0
The pharmaceutical composition of the present invention comprises at least one compound of the present invention and a pharmaceutically acceptable excipient (such as a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier or diluent). Preferably, the pharmaceutical composition comprises a therapeutically effective amount of the compound(s) of the present invention. The compound of the present invention may be associated with a pharmaceutically acceptable excipient (such as a carrier or a diluent) or be diluted by a carrier, or enclosed within a carrier which can be in the form of a capsule, sachet, paper or other container.	0
The present disclosure generally relates to grain harvesters (or combines) and more particularly to an articulated grain harvester.	0
The guide rails 162 may be formed at the second case 142 of the driving unit 140 , and engaged with the guide wings 161 so as to render the guide wings 161 guide the sliding of the connection member 158 .	0
The quantitative ratio of water in the composition is preferably 0.00001 to 0.1 parts by mass, more preferably 0.00001 to 0.08 parts by mass, even more preferably 0.00001 to 0.05 parts by mass, and particularly preferably 0.00001 to 0.01 parts by mass, based on 100 parts by mass of compound (5).	0
For example, in a case where iron is used as the catalyst, a ferric hydroxide thin film or an iron oxide thin film is formed on the base substrate 111 , the iron is reduced and micronized concurrently with or after the formation of the ferric hydroxide thin film or the iron oxide thin film, so that fine iron particles are formed. Further, in a case where the carburizing prevention layer provided on the base substrate 111 is made of alumina and a catalyst metal is iron, the iron catalyst layer is reduced to become fine particles, whereby a large number of fine iron particles in nanometer size are formed on the alumina layer. Thus, the catalyst is prepared to be a catalyst suitable to production of aligned CNT aggregates.	0
In another embodiment, heated rollers can also be used for stabilizing and drying the random fiber sheet. The heating makes it possible to create smooth surfaces and to set the surface condition of the clothing carrier.	0
Referring to FIG. 28, the bearing collars 13 fitted at the shoulder 13 d in the right annular recess 30 R defines a clearance 40 between the bearing collars 13 and the circlip 29 positioned axially inward of the bearing collars 13 .	0
Hot water such as waste hot water is supplied as heat source hot water to the first hot water pipe 203 and the third hot water pipe 202 , and the temperature of a heat transfer medium is increased in two stages using thermal energy derived from the difference in temperature between the hot water and cooling water supplied to the cooling water pipe 201 in the condenser C and utilizing heat of absorption and boiling point elevation of solution to increase the temperature in the high-temperature absorber A 2 to a considerably high level. Then, hot water separately supplied to the second hot water pipe 204 is heated and high-temperature hot water with a great deal of potential, which cannot be obtained in a conventional cycle, can be obtained.	0
This is a continuation-in-part application of and claims the priority benefit of patent application Ser. No. 13/110,002, filed on May 18, 2011, which claims the priority benefits of U.S. provisional application Ser. No. 61/428,873, filed on Dec. 31, 2010 and Taiwan application serial no. 100106503, filed Feb. 25, 2011, now pending. The entirety of each of the above-mentioned patent applications is hereby incorporated by reference herein and made a part of this specification.	0
The rock bolt 10 includes an anchor comprising an expansion mechanism 15 at the first end 12 . The expansion mechanism 15 is fixed to the first end 12 via a thread 16 .	0
Further, when lubrication of the balls 58 is carried out, since such lubrication can be carried out easily through the lubricating oil supply portions 152 without requiring disassembly of the linear actuator 150 , ease of maintenance on the linear actuator 150 can be enhanced.	0
Any application may then merely write to the selected stream number or read from the selected stream number for the selected memory 190 address (or FPGA 150 , 160 , 170 address), without any involvement by the host computing system 105 , for as long as the application is running on the system 100 , 200 . In addition, for data transfer throughout the systems 100 , 200 , data transfer in one stream may be tied to a data transfer of another stream, allowing two separate processes to occur without involvement of the host computing system 105 . The first “tie stream” process allows the “daisy chaining” of data transfers, so a data transfer to a first stream number for a selected memory 190 (or FPGA 150 , 160 , 170 process) on a first computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 may be tied or chained to a subsequent transfer of the same data to another, second stream number for a selected memory 190 (or FPGA 150 , 160 , 170 process) on a second computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 , e.g., data transferred from the host computing system 105 or from a first memory 190 on a first computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 (e.g., card “A”) (stream “ 1 ”) to a second memory 190 on a second computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 (e.g., card “B”) will also be further transmitted from the second computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 (e.g., card“B”) as a stream “ 2 ” to a third memory 190 on a third computing module 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 (e.g., card “C”), thereby tying streams 1 and 2 , not only for the current data transfer, but for the entire duration of the application (until changed by the host computing system 105 ).	0
Tyr Leu Lys Glu Lys Lys Tyr Ser Pro Cys Ala Trp Glu Val Val Arg	0
FIG. 26D. Shows an SDS-PAGE and Western blot of Final FVII and FVIIa. 10 μg (Batch 31) or 5 μg (Batch 38) were loaded in each lane of Coomassie stained SDS-PAGE 1. FVII-CTP 3 polypeptide; 2. Heavy chain, including 3×CTP; 3. Light Chain.	0
The refrigeration cycle 21 is a vapor compression type freezer that includes: a compressor 22 ; the coolant heater 15 ; a receiver 23 ; an expansion valve 24 ; and the coolant cooler 14 . In this embodiment, the refrigeration cycle 21 uses a fluorocarbon refrigerant as the refrigerant, and constitutes a subcritical refrigeration cycle in which the high pressure-side refrigerant pressure does not exceed a critical pressure of the refrigerant.	0
Val Lys Ile Val Lys Glu Ile Ile Glu Lys Leu Ala Lys Tyr Glu Ile	0
FIG. 2 is an enlarged sectional view of a preferred pretensioning jet illustrated in FIG. 1;	0
The field of this invention is swimming pool cover supports, and more particularly, an above ground swimming pool cover support frame.	0
Although the preferred embodiments of the present invention have been disclosed for illustrative purposes, those skilled in the art will appreciate that various modifications, additions and substitutions are possible, without departing from the scope and spirit of the invention as disclosed in the accompanying claims.	0
FIG. 3: The Fourier Transform Infrared (FT-IR) Spectrum of the Polymer of the present invention.	0
The most noticeable characteristic of the present invention lies in the original PGC. Specifically, the original PGC shows the procedure of reproducing all the video data items in the RTR_MOV.VRO of FIG. 24 in such a manner that they are linked to each other as if they were a single tape. Moreover, the original PGC contains not only all the video data items in the RTR_MOV.VRO but also all the still picture information in the RTR_STO.VRO and all the additional audio information in the RTR_STA.VRO and shows the playback procedure in such a manner that all the pieces of information are related to each other as if they were an integral single tape. This enables all the data items to be reproduced consecutively.	0
In addition, the following pieces of information on each directory (or folder) are recorded on the information storage medium:	0
The resin coating layer 4 is preferably formed on a most part of the surface of the toner base particle 2 . The term “most part of the surface of the toner base particle 2 ” means portion of 50% or more of a surface area of the toner base particle 2 . Where the area of the toner base particle 2 of the portion on which the resin coating layer 4 is formed is less than 50% of the surface area of the toner base particle 2 , exposure area of the toner base particle 2 is too large. As a result, low melting component such as a release agent contained in the toner base particle 2 is softened, and the capsule toner 1 may become massed together. For this reason, the area of the toner base particle 2 of the portion on which the resin coating layer 4 is formed is preferably from 50% to 100% of the surface area of the toner base particle 2 .	0
Edges 430 a , 450 a , 470 a and 490 a of the first through fourth graphenes 430 , 450 , 470 and 490 and edge 410 a of the substrate may be respectively exposed to the external environment. The materials for forming the first through fourth supporting layers 420 , 440 , 460 and 480 are not specifically limited. For example, as in the graphene structure 200 described with reference to FIG. 4, the first through fourth supporting layers 420 , 440 , 460 and 480 may be formed of Ge.	0
Referring back to FIG. 1, the oven 10 includes microwave enclosures 230 covers and protects the microwave launch box system 60 and/or the launch box assemblies 62 from damage and/or environmental conditions (e.g. dust, moisture). The microwave enclosures 230 also protect magnetron cooling systems 240 (see FIG. 22) that are coupled to the magnetrons 120 and configured to cool the magnetrons 120 during operation. The magnetron cooling systems 240 can include any suitable refrigeration or cooling system such as water-cooled jackets, water/glycol based systems, fans, heat exchangers, and/or the like.	0
In Formula (1), R 1 is a alkyl group having from 1 to 20 and preferably from 8 to 18 carbons, and may be either a straight chain or branched alkyl group. Preferable examples of such an alkyl group include capryl groups, lauryl groups (n-dodecyl groups), myristyl groups, palmityl groups, stearyl groups, oleyl groups, linolic groups, linolenic groups, and the like.	0
Further, one or more example embodiments may be (or include) hardware, firmware, hardware executing software, or any combination thereof. Such hardware may include one or more microprocessors, CPUs, SoCs, DSPs, ASICs, FPGAs, computers, or the like, configured as special purpose machines to perform the functions described herein as well as any other well-known functions of these elements. In at least some cases, CPUs, SoCs, DSPs, ASICs and FPGAs may generally be referred to as processing circuits, processors and/or microprocessors.	0
One embodiment of the present invention allows real-time alerts to be issued based on the present and historical video data, and especially the present and historical meta-data (events). In one embodiment of the present invention, the correlation engine correlates events, both present and historical, across multiple sensory devices and multiple locations, and activates via the alert/action engine one or more actions in response to the correlation exceeding a particular threshold. As previously described, the correlation engine may evaluate various rules, such as “issue an alert to a given destination when a person is detected in a restricted area during a designated time.” Video analytics devices are used to extract relevant events from the video data, and are input into the correlation engine. Input may also come from other systems, such as other sensory devices (e.g., temperature and pressure probes). Various actions may be taken under certain conditions, and may be activated by the alert/action engine when a certain set of conditions are met	0
In the next step the expanded PTFE fiber are twisted at a rate of 1400 TPM and then stretched again with a stretching ratio of 3.2:1 under high temperatures (400° C. for about 1.3 seconds). The total stretching ratio of the material, from dry tape to finished fiber is 106.	0
Therefore, there is a need for a long handled tool system made up of interchangeable parts that, when assembled, provide high strength and rigidity suited for industrial use. It is desirable to provide a long handled tool system that reduces storage space required for multiple tools and extends the useful life of each tool by providing for replacement of only damaged parts. It is also desirable that the assembled tool be more durable than prior art long handle tools and be resistant to caustic and abrasive work environments. It is further desirable to provide a coupling that reduces or eliminates vibrations between its parts during use thereby extending the useful life of the tool.	0
For producing the ribbon from thin threads, employed in the device are several pairs of the elongated cylindrical elements 4 (FIG. 3) with a smooth surface. These pairs are placed in succession along the course of movement of threads 2 (the movement of the threads is shown by arrow A). Elements 4 in each pair are disposed in vertical parallel planes spaced apart by not more than the diameter of one element 4, and are mounted at an angle with respect to one another, such that the space angle a (FIG. 4) between their generating lines is greater than 90°, but less than 180°. In this case, the angle a in each subsequent pair is less than that in the preceding one. Such disposition of the elements provides for a transverse shift of the threads from the periphery toward the center, thus forming the ribbon. These angles can be easily varied according to the width of the ribbon, and type and kind of the threads wherefrom this ribbon is formed. This variation adjusts the pitch between threads 2.	0
FIG. 4 is a bottom view showing the external appearance configuration of the endoscope according to the aspect of the present invention;	0
Lys Phe Lys Tyr Lys Gly Glu Glu Lys Glu Val Asp Ile Ser Lys Ile	0
The term “polycyclic” as used herein refers to groups comprising multiple ring systems. The rings may be fused or unfused. The polycyclic group may be aromatic, heterocyclic, aromatic heterocyclic, a saturated cycloalkyl, an unsaturated cycloalkyl, or a combination of two or more of the foregoing. The polycyclic group may be substituted or unsubstituted. Polycyclic groups may have 6 to 20 ring members.	0
(wherein R′ and R″ each independently represent a substituted or unsubstituted alkyl group having 1 to 3 carbon atoms, and R′″ represents a substituted or unsubstituted aryl group having 6 to 12 carbon atoms),	0
1) Tapered drive pin which would flare out the bottom of the socket 200 when hammered into a hole in the floor;	0
The CCD board 300 has blocks of a CCD sensor 301 that electrically reads the document image, a driving circuit (CCD gate array) 302 of the CCD sensor 301 , an analog circuit 303 that performs a gain adjustment of an analog signal outputted from the CCD sensor 301 , and an A/D converter 304 that converts the analog output into a digital signal. Each block is controlled by the central processing unit (CPU) 401 .	0
More precisely, the partitions forming the lateral walls 42 , 43 , the front wall 40 and possibly also the roof 30 comprise: a double-skin wall 42 , 43 having two back-to-back outer faces 220 , 221 ; a U-shaped longitudinal reinforcement profile 80 comprising (i.) two sides 89 , 289 and a bottom 290 connecting them in such a way as to define a longitudinal slider 222 , the sides 89 , 289 having facing faces 223 , 224 defining the width of the slider 222 , and (ii.) a cornice 225 projecting from one of the sides 289 , called the inner side, and having an internal bearing surface 83 , and are characterized in that the double-skin wall 42 , 43 is inserted into the slider 222 in such a way that the outer faces 220 , 221 are respectively thrust against the facing faces 223 , 224 .	0
It is further an object of the present invention to provide a pool cover support frame that can be assembled from the side of the pool, without having to enter the pool .	0
In other words, the top case engage groove 1700 can be formed in the front wing surface edge 1110 of the bottom cover 1000 corresponding to the outer side of the optical member fixation portion 2100 .	0
As seen in FIG. 10 the supply electrode assembly 36 is connected by a cable 114 and a plug 112 to the control console 22 . Internal to cable 114 are a plurality of insulated conductors 115 . A supply electrode 118 of the electrode assembly 36 extends from a housing 134 attached to the proximal end of cable 114 . Generally, the plug 112 removably connects to the control console 22 . The cable 114 extends flexibly between the plug 112 and the coupling assembly 116 , and the supply electrode 118 is supported by and projects outward from the coupling assembly 116 .	0
Uniform and position-stabilizing cooling of the filaments with tempered air by means of a cooling unit,	0
In a further specific embodiment, reduction in variance in the efficiency with which different sequences are present in a captured sample can be accomplished by, for example, increasing the capture efficiency of the complex mixture targets. For example, predetermined portions of nucleic acids within a complex mixture can be reduced to a plurality of smaller sized fragments. Useful fragment sizes furthering hybridization and capture efficiency include, for example, average sizes smaller than at least about 10 kilobases (kb), 9 kb, 8 kb, 7 kb, 6 kb, 5 kb, 4 kb, 3 kb, 2 kb, 1 kb or 0.5 kb or smaller. Particularly useful sizes for fragmenting complex mixture targets include, for example, average sizes between about 5-0.5 kb, 4.5-0.75 kb, 4.0-1.0 kb, 3.5-1.25 kb, 3.0-1.5 kb, 2.5-1.75 kb or about 2.0 kb. Average sizes above, below and between these exemplary ranges also can be employed in the methods of the invention.	0
In Step S 52 , the previous mode M 1 maintained in the register incorporated therein is altered to the current mode M 2 , and the process goes to Step S 53 . In Step S 53 , the chapter point deciding part 46 determines whether the recording is finished, that is, the supply of the video data and the audio data from the A/D conversion circuit 12 is stopped. If it is determined that the recording is not finished yet, the process returns to Step S 44 , and the process steps described above are repeated. In Step S 53 , if it is determined that the recording is finished, the process is ended.	0
TABLE 2 Colloidal Tension Moisture- Phosphate silica content induced by absorption Rust Chemical (mol in terms a coating resistance* 2 resistance Lamination No. Type formula of SiO 2 )* 1 (MPa) (μg/150 cm 2 ) (%)* 3 factor (%) Remarks 1 Magnesium primary Mg(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 0.5 8.53 48 0 97.8 Present phosphate•dihydrate •2H 2 O invention 2 Magnesium primary Mg(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 1.0 8.33 50 0 97.7 Present phosphate invention 3 Magnesium primary Mg(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 5.0 8.62 49 0 98.1 Present phosphate•dihydrate •2H 2 O invention 4 Magnesium primary Mg(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 10.0 8.53 46 0 97.9 Present phosphate•dihydrate •2H 2 O invention 5 Calcium primary Ca(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 2.0 8.23 51 0 97.7 Present phosphate invention 6 Barium primary Ba(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 2.0 8.33 52 0 97.8 Present phosphate invention 7 Strontium primary Sr(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 2.0 8.33 52 0 97.7 Present phosphate invention 8 Zinc primary Zn(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 2.0 8.43 58 0 97.7 Present phosphate invention 9 Aluminum primary Al(H 2 PO 4 ) 3 2.0 8.53 46 0 97.8 Present phosphate invention 10 Manganese primary Mn(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 2.0 8.33 57 0 97.5 Present phosphate invention 11* 4 Magnesium primary Mg(H 2 PO 4 ) 2 1.0 8.33 50 0 97.7 Comparative phosphate example * 1 Number of moles relative to PO 4 : 1 mol * 2 Evaluated based on the amount of elution of P * 3 Evaluated based on the area ratio of a rust development portion * 4 Adding chromic anhydride (1.0 mol relative to CrO 3 , per PO 4 : 1 mol) in place of permanganate	0
One technique that has been developed for more efficiently using coal and mitigating deleterious environmental effects includes gasification of coal to produce substitute natural gas (SNG). Producing SNG from coal is desirable because the produced SNG can be used in existing natural gas infrastructure (e.g. pipelines, compressor stations, and distribution networks), in commercial applications where natural gas is a feedstock, in domestic applications where natural gas is used for heating and cooking, and in electric utility applications where natural gas is used as a fuel to produce electricity. Coal reserves are substantially greater and more accessible than natural gas supply, and SNG can provide an additional supply of natural gas as the supply of existing natural gas sources diminish. Producing SNG from coal also has the added advantages of providing stability to the supply and thus price of natural gas and of being a higher density, cleaner burning fuel, as compared to coal.	0
SQScript methods are almost identical to methods in other object-oriented languages. Each method runs inside the variable binding context of the object it was invoked upon. That means that local variables and data within the object's data tree are locally accessible to the code of the method. Methods can be invoked within any SQScript expression, including from other methods.	0
In another preferred embodiment of the subject matter invention, as the filling material, the subject matter invention comprises at least one type of mineral powder which is selected from a mineral group comprising silisium dioxide, barite, talc and calcite.	0
hydrofluoric acid or a salt thereof, and an organic solvent, provided that the compounds represented by formulas (3-1) and (3-2) are excluded from the organic solvent.	0
FIG. 3 is a diagrammatic side view showing a conventional wheel mounted loader.	0
According to a preferred embodiment, one pair of tools is spaced from the adjacent pair of tools in the direction of elongation of the ties.	0
In particular accordance with this invention, and with initial reference to FIG. 2, it will be seen that each of a pair of upper and lower baffle members, shown respectively at 15a and 15b, are provided with fin-like extensions 22 and 23, one of which is disposed adjacent the forward wall of the drum and the other of which is disposed adjacent the rear wall of the drum. The fins may be formed as an integral extension of the baffle. However,	0
A steel cord, buried in a vehicle tire to be used for rubber reinforcement, includes a brass plating layer fainted on the surface thereof so as to improve adhesion with the tire rubber and drawing machinability in a steel wire manufacturing process. The steel wire including the brass plating layer formed in this way is buried in a tire as a single body or in a stranded state where multiple steel wires are stranded, so as to reinforce the tire.	0
The fourth example of the photoacid proliferating agent (D) is an epoxy ring-containing organic acid ester represented by Formula (7).	0
The bioactive glass of the bioactive glass compositions may be used in either particulate or extract form. Preferably, where particulate bioactive glass is used, particulate, non-interlinked bioactive glass is selected. This glass is in the form of small, discrete particles, rather than a fused matrix of particles or a mesh or fabric (woven or non-woven) of glass fibers. Under some conditions the discrete particles of the bioactive glass may tend to cling together because of electrostatic or other forces but these particles are still considered to be non-interlinked. Typically, the average particle size is about 90 microns or less. Preferably, the average particle size is less than about 20 microns, or, more preferably, less than about 5 microns, and even more preferably less than about 1 micron. Particle size, as used herein, is measured by SEM or other optical microscopy techniques, or by laser light scattering techniques (i.e., using a Coulter counter).	0
Other schemes to control water flow are also possible, however. In some embodiments, instead of using a three-way valve ( 35 ), the system may alternatively use two electrically controlled valves to achieve the same function.	0
The drop in club head speed just described has a significant impact on the speed at which the golf ball leaves the club face after impact and thus the distance that the golf ball travels. In fact, for a club head speed of approximately 100 mph, each 1 mph reduction in club head speed results in approximately a 1% loss in distance. The present golf club head has identified these relationships, the reason for the drop in club head speed associated with long FB dimension clubs, and several ways to reduce the aerodynamic drag force of golf club heads.	0
Examples of the C 1 to C 6 alkyl group represented by E in Formula (7) include methyl, ethyl and propyl.	0
Various aspects and examples of a full-moment connection collar system, as well as related methods, are described below and illustrated in the associated drawings. Unless otherwise specified, a connection system in accordance with the present teachings, and/or its various components may, but are not required to, contain at least one of the structures, components, functionalities, and/or variations described, illustrated, and/or incorporated herein. Furthermore, unless specifically excluded, the process steps, structures, components, functionalities, and/or variations described, illustrated, and/or incorporated herein in connection with the present teachings may be included in other similar devices and methods, including being interchangeable between disclosed examples. The following description of various examples is merely illustrative in nature and is in no way intended to limit the disclosure, its application, or uses. Additionally, the advantages provided by the examples described below are illustrative in nature and not all examples provide the same advantages or the same degree of advantages.	0
Specifically, with the conventional UDF or FAT, since a file has no unrecorded area, the following processes cannot be carried out:	0
These system operation schedules or algorithms can be designed based on various parameters that affect system performance, such as the design characteristics of the water heating system, the anticipated (or expected) hot water demand (either based on system historical data, user input, or a combination of the two), energy input properties (e.g. what energy sources are available, and their respective costs—which may vary as a function of time), ambient conditions (e.g. intake water temperatures), and various optimization objectives. If these parameters are changed, system operation schedule or control algorithms can be updated and sent to the system controller ( 30 ) through its communication interface ( 105 ).	0
The delay is determined by the amount of current through the transistors and the capacitive load at their output. The load that the transistors see is constant, since it is a parasitic gate capacitance. The current through the transistors is varied by any supply voltage (VDD) variation, since it is proportional to gate-to-source voltage. This delay element is thus sensitive to vulnerabilities of the power supply of the delay element.	0
TABLE 2 r H1 Press performance judge result Embodiment 6 2.0 6.0 Good 7 2.5 6.0 Good 8 3.0 6.0 Good 9 10.0 14.0 Good 10 20.0 24.0 Good Comparison 5 1.0 6.0 Rough surface and crack example 6 1.5 6.0 Rough surface 7 2.0 8.0 Rough surface and crack 8 20.0 26.0 Rough surface and crack	0
The axial movement of the control rod 51 interlockingly causes axial movement of the cam rod C via the lost motion mechanism 52 and 53 , and the movement of the cam rod C causes selective engagement of each driven transmission gear n with the counter gear shaft 12 for speed shift by means of the engagement means 20 built in the counter gear shaft 12 .	0
FIG. 14 is an enlarged, fragmentary cross-sectional view taken along line 14 - 14 in FIG. 12.	0
In this most preferred embodiment of the present invention the inorganic salt like sodium dithionite should be added to the alkaline scrubber in an amount wherein a molar ratio of carbonyl compound to inorganic salt is from about 1:0.01 to about 1:25 mole, preferably from about 1:0.05 to about 1:0.005 mole, and more preferably from about 1:1 to about 1:0.01 mole. The preferred amount of additive ranges from about 0.5 to about 1,000,000 parts of additive per one million part of the aqueous scrubbing medium used in the caustic wash unit system; more preferably, the amount of additive ranges from about 25 to about 200 ppm. The sodium dithinoite as an additive can be added as neat product or in any form available commercially, or as a solution in water or alkali.	0
In this connection, FIG. 2 illustrates the function of the present invention adsorptive filtering material 1 : The perforations 4 a and 4 b , which are arranged in the opposite blocking layers 3 a and 3 b , which flank the adsorptive material or the adsorptive layer 5 , constitute entry openings for gases or air in that—depending on the configuration of the present invention adsorptive filtering material 1 —aerosols 9 and liquids 10 are at least essentially retained at the first blocking layer 3 a already. Any aerosols 9 or liquids 10 which have succeeded in penetrating into the adsorptive filtering material 1 —in the event of very severe contamination—are then retained by the adsorptive layer 5 . Owing to the air or gas exchange, the high wearing comfort of the present invention adsorptive filtering material 1 is ensured in principle, since there is no buildup of heat and gaseous water vapor 8 , which comes more particularly from the perspiration of the skin 7 of the wearer, can be efficiently transported away from the body of the wearer. The offset arrangement of the perforations 4 a and 4 b essentially ensures that a lengthening of the diffusive or convective paths along or through the present invention adsorptive filtering material 1 results, so that this significantly improves the adsorptive performance by the adsorptive layer 5 , since it is contacted by the flowing air or the gases over a longer sector. In addition, the specific arrangement of the perforations 4 a and 4 b also provides for a slowing of the flow rate through the present invention adsorptive filtering material 1 , lengthening the contact time of the air, gases, any aerosols or liquids or the like with the adsorptive layer 5 .	0
In the drying duct 40 is mounted a fan motor 44 for rotating the blowing fan 41 . The outlet end of the drying duct 40 is fixedly inserted into or fitted onto a drying duct connection member 12 , which is formed at the gasket 9 .	0
In part to help distribute forces encountered by the occipital region 212 of the head 210 of the subject 200 when the subject is lying supinely in a neonatal bassinet or neonatal incubator, the force-distributing cranial support 100 comprises an occipital cup portion 118 , which in use is snugly positioned proximate the occipital bone in the occipital region 212 of the subject's head 210 .	0
Specifically, the application software side tells the file system side, such as the UDF, about the LBNs for the place in which partial deletion or overwriting is to be effected and carries out a partial rewriting process. Having the playback sequence information (PGC) about all the video information reproducible in the video file, the application software side can specify addresses that allow continues recording and reproducing of the video information according to the PGC information.	0
Moreover, when the laser is projected onto the optical recording medium and the recording mark is generated in the optical recording medium, laser power must not be too much higher than that which is required for the generation of the recording mark.	0
IV. Nucleic Acid Segments Encoding Catalytic Domains of β(1.4)-galactosyltransferase I, Expression Cassettes that Include the Nucleic Acid Segments, and Cells that Include the Nucleic Acid Segments and Expression Cassettes.	0
In the depicted example, telemetry systems 46 comprise one or more EM telemetry systems 46 A and one or more MP telemetry systems 46 B. Control system 42 receives sensor data from sensor system(s) 44 and provides all or part of the received data to one or more of the telemetry systems 46 for transmission.	0
In one embodiment, mixed component supercritical systems containing the noble gases can be prepared. For example, a mixture can include argon, carbon dioxide, and isopropanol. By using mixed supercritical fluids, the coloring solutions can be tailored for the specific substrates being colored and the specific colorants being used for coloring. Furthermore, the use of mixed systems allows for the tailoring of the pressures and temperatures required to achieve supercritical fluids. Supercritical fluids can be made with carbon dioxide and argon, argon and water, argon-acetone, or others. Table 1 shows the supercritical points of various substances that can be combined with the noble gases.	0
As used herein, the term “aerosol-generating device” is a device that engages or interacts with a heated aerosol-generating article to form an aerosol. The device that interacts with an aerosol-forming substrate may generate an aerosol. An electrically operated aerosol-generating device may be a device including one or more elements used to supply energy from a power supply (e.g., an electrical power supply), in order to heat an aerosol-forming substrate to generate an aerosol. The aerosol-generating device may be an electrically operated aerosol-generating device including a heating structure that is operated by electrical power to heat an aerosol-forming substrate of an aerosol-generating article to generate an aerosol. The heating structure may be a heater for heating air supplied to an aerosol-forming substrate. The heating structure may be an inductor for heating a susceptor, for example to heat air supplied to an aerosol-forming substrate.	0
TABLE 3 Events table MDEntryID MDParameterID MD_Event_DateTime MD_Event_Duration SrcID Src_Description Src_Location . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 432 6 09/27/2007 7:05:24PM 1:05 1 Camera 1 Lobby 433 16 09/27/2007 7:10:18PM 0:01 1 Camera 1 Lobby 434 11 09/27/2007 8:13:08PM 0:01 9 Card Reader in Server Room Server Room 435 10 09/27/2007 8:13:10PM 0:02 4 Camera 34 Server Room 436 10 09/27/2007 8:13:14PM 0:02 4 Camera 34 Server Room 437 12 09/27/2007 8:13:24PM 0:06 4 Camera 34 Server Room 438 14 9/27/2007 9:05:00PM 0:26 23 Registered Off-campus Student (River St.) 439 15 9/27/2007 9:14:04PM 0:10 2 Camera 2 Parking Lot	0
A more detailed protocol used to isolate type II AGP from honey is described.	0
FIG. 14 is a perspective view showing a pane-support/sheet-fixation pad;	0
According to a first aspect of the present invention this object is achieved in accordance with the features of claim 1 , which specifies that for restart of homogeneous charge compression ignition combustion operation after one or more cycles without combustion, the engine is arranged to be cranked; and the exhaust valve is arranged to be closed before top dead center during an exhaust stroke of the piston; and the intake valve is arranged to be opened after top dead center during an induction stroke of the piston, and the fuel injection control means are arranged to perform a first fuel injection after closing of the exhaust valve and before top dead center of the piston exhaust stroke; the ignition control means are arranged to cause the spark plug to ignite the first injected quantity of fuel before the opening of the intake valve; the fuel injection control means are arranged to perform at least one further fuel injection in the interval after top dead center of the piston exhaust stroke and before top dead center of a subsequent piston compression stroke.	0
Use of the Internet has recently facilitated quick access by many users to specific sets of varied information; for example, a person desiring to attend a new cinematic release may often electronically research complete details on movie-times and featured films. Unfortunately, use of the Internet in this manner typically requires that an interested user first have an Internet connection and suitable hardware and, second, that the user then research and access a specific web site via a point-to-point Internet connection. The limitations of a point-to-point transmission and the requirements of an Internet connection have typically not been readily adapted to broadcasting information to potentially interested users, particularly those users located in a geographic vicinity (e.g., in a location where they are unlikely to have access to modems and computer workstations).	0
The hollow body of the extension 10 as shown in FIGS. 3 and 4, has opposed inner walls 16, 16' joining top wall 17 adapted to closely engage the surface contour of the upstanding portion 13 of the highway barrier. These inner walls are joined at the lower ends thereof to outer walls 18, 18' connected by the top wall 19, having a central aperture, as seen at 20 in FIG. 1, formed in the molding operation. The top wall 19 is suitably about three inches above the inner top wall 17, and this slight increase in height will increase the effectiveness of the barrier in shielding oncoming headlights.	0
FIG. 7 shows the Squash and Stretch retargeter used in an animation where a larger character is mapped on a smaller one and the knees angular configuration is kept during retargeting due to the Squash and Stretch module.	0
FIGS. 4 A and B illustrate a configuration where a bag 500 containing an object to be treated 200 has apertures and the DBD has at least one electrode 420 that is not dielectric coated or isolated. The dielectric 440 is disposed between the exposed electrode 420 and the lower electrode 430 so that an ANEP is formed in the region of the surface of the dielectric 440 and terminating at the exposed electrode 420 . In such an example, the processes at the instantaneous anode and the cathode electrodes may not be the same, and a person of skill in the art would expect a plasma jet to be generated. Even when the bag does not have apertures 510 , the asymmetrical nature of the ANEP generation may lead to gas currents. The gas currents associated with such a jet or asymmetrical ANEP generation, produced internal to the bag, could be effective in distributing the reaction products throughout the bag, and mitigating a heat rise in the bag so that a more intense discharge may be used.	0
There is a need for a method of efficiently utilizing uplink resources when various types of feedback information are transmitted.	0
Referring to FIG. 4, in one implementation, the blowing-assisted electrospinning system 400 includes a compressed gas generating system 401 , a solvent vapor generating system 402 , a pressure adjustment system 403 , and a solution injection system 404 . Furthermore, in some implementations, the blowing-assisted electrospinning system 400 includes a nozzle 405 that may be substantially similar to the nozzle 201 of FIG. 2, a collector 406 that may be substantially similar to the collector 206 of FIG. 2, and/or a power supply 407 that may be substantially similar to the power supply 204 of FIG. 2.	0
This is a Divisional of application Ser. No. 10/060,536, filed on now U.S. Pat. No. 6,900,533, the entire disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference.	0
The polyamide amide-acid of this example was also isolated by precipitation from methanol, washed twice with methanol and dried in vacuo for 15 hours. The resulting cream colored solid had an inherent viscosity of 0.67 as measured at a concentration of 0.5% in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone.	0
Further, in order to characterize the physicochemical properties of the polymer in detail, various properties of the polymer such as thermal properties, Critical Micelle Concentration (CMC), solubility and pH, storage stability were evaluated.	0
The bottom sheet metal 41 , 41 , 46 is advantageously also made of an aluminum alloy. A peripheral profile 81 made of aluminum alloy surrounds the lateral walls 42 , 43 and the front wall 44 ; it is essential in order to provide for a caisson 2 the mechanical rigidity required to withstand the internal pressure exerted by the compacting mechanism. The roof 30 is fixed. For the front wall 44 , the profiles forming the double-wall panels 82 are more preferably positioned with their long direction horizontally, while for the lateral walls 42 , 43 , they are nested vertically in said peripheral profile 80 . The front portion of the bottom of the caisson 46 comprises a double-skin panel (of the same type as that 82 used for the lateral wall 42 , 43 of the caisson), and above a piece of sheet metal. The use of aluminum for the walls and the bottom of the caisson allow for easy repair, in particular via welding, damaged zones; there is no need to protect these zones with corrosion-resistant paint, if the alloys chosen are well adapted for use in industrial vehicles.	0
According to another embodiment of the above described invention, that does not change substantially the already illustrated working principles, and that is not illustrated in the figures, since of immediate comprehension, the above mentioned motor means 50 comprise a single motor, aimed only at operating the driving device 10 , of the electronically controllable speed type, whose shaft is connected directly to the above mentioned outlet shaft 14 . The rotation speed of the motor 50 in this case is controlled directly by the programmable control unit of the interfolding machine 100 or of the device 10 .	0
In a preferred embodiment the cushion has perforations allowing the passage of vapour but not water through the cover. Hereby the perforations may be used in the same way as the above excess pressure protection. In a particular embodiment the cushion only has perforations at one side of the cushion. Hereby one may chose between using one side of the heat cushion for “dry” heat treatment or the other side of the heat cushion for humid heat treatment.	0
FIG. 2. is a cutaway drawings showing the 3 rods in their own axis quadrant, not intersecting each other.	0
Furthermore, the polyester resin fine particles for cores preferably includes 8.4-45.0% of a trivalent carboxylic acid in the whole acid monomer in order to control the acid number and the cohesiveness of the resin particles.	0
There has also been a long-standing need not to lose the picture identification or the credit card. This need includes misplacement, for example, misplacement of a wallet as well as theft, including that by pickpockets.	0
Ser Thr Tyr Val Pro Gly Thr Thr Asn His Asp Ile Ala Leu Leu Arg	0
If it is determined in the determination step (S 106 ) that the lane keeping control is to be executed, the selection unit 14 of the lane keeping control apparatus 1 performs an operational mode selection step (S 110 ). FIG. 4A is a flowchart illustrating an example of the operational mode selection step. As illustrated in FIG. 4A, in a determination step (S 120 ), the selection unit 14 determines whether the approaching speed is less than the first approaching speed threshold value. The selection unit 14 acquires the first approaching speed threshold value stored in the storage unit 15 , and performs the determination step. FIG. 5A is an example of a map that is used in the operational mode selection step. As illustrated in FIG. 5A, the first approaching speed threshold value is X P1 . The first approaching speed threshold value X P1 may be a variable. For example, as illustrated in FIG. 5C, the first approaching speed threshold value X P1 may be set to a value smaller by the extent of an increase in travel speed of the vehicle 2 . Specifically, when the travel speed is zero, the first approaching speed threshold value is X P1 , and when the travel speed is Y Q2 , the first approaching speed threshold value is zero. That is, the first approaching speed threshold value is an X component of a point on a line P 1 Q 2 . If the approaching speed is less than the first approaching speed threshold value, the selection unit 14 selects the first operational mode in a selection step (S 122 ). If the approaching speed is not less than the first approaching speed threshold value, the selection unit 14 selects the second operational mode in a selection step (S 124 ).	0
A complex animal model of aortic valve stenosis has been developed in rabbits. The model resulted in aortic valve stenosis characterized by a calcification similar to what is observed in a clinical setting in humans.	0
These conventional mechanisms also incorporate springs or pins having dissimilar metals in contact with the collar. Dissimilar metals in contact in seawater corrode because of galvanic reactions. While conventional hinge-and-latch collars offer quick attachment and removal when new, exposure to salt water degrades their performance and can eventually lead to their complete failure. A failed collar can result in the loss of an external electronic device or a jammed connector on the seismic cable, which costs time in removing external devices as the cable is reeled in.	0
Then, based on the determination result, if the maximum error between the pixel value of the temporary reference image and the pixel value of the frame image of the frame region B is not equal to or less than the threshold Th, there is a high probability of a defect being included in the frame region B. Therefore, it returns to the frame region selection step (S 102 ). Then, each step from the frame region selection step (S 102 ) to the determination step (S 148 ) is repeated until the maximum error between the pixel value of the temporary reference image and the pixel value of the frame image of the frame region B becomes equal to or less than the threshold Th in the determination step (S 148 ). Thus, a plurality of frame regions A to E are re-selected, and not only a group of coefficients (third coefficient) of the filter function calculated for the frame region B but also a group of coefficients (first coefficient) of the filter function calculated for a plurality of frame regions A to E is re-calculated.	0
FIG. 1 is a graphical illustration of the secretion of hormones by trophoblast cells cultured according to the present invention.	0
In plants, AG is a major constituent of many gums including gum arabic, gum gutti and so on.	0
Documents U.S. 2003/075843, U.S. Pat. No. 4,653,730 to EMPCO Ltd. as well as the document GB 1 519 854 to Siegerlander Kupferwerke GmbH describe an arcuate lance which pivots into and out of a small opening in the upper side wall of the shell.	0
X 1 is Pro (P), Gly (G), Ala (A), Gln (Q), Asn (N), Asp (D) or D-Pro (p);	0
Furthermore, as a method of obtaining human antibody, a technology that employs panning with a human antibody library is known, in addition to those described above. For example, the variable region of human antibody is expressed on the surface of a phage by the phage display method as a single chain antibody (scFv) to select a phage that binds to the antigen. By analyzing the gene of the phage selected, the DNA sequence encoding the variable region of the human antibody that binds to the antigen can be determined. Once the DNA sequence of scFv that binds to the antigen is clarified, it is possible to construct an appropriate expression vector that contains said sequence and then to obtain a human antibody. These methods are already known and can be found in WO 92/01047, WO 92/20791, WO 93/06213, WO 93/11236, WO 93/19172, WO 95/01438, and WO 95/15388.	0
(3) The adhesive to be used for the polarizing film tends to be deteriorated due to influence of moisture contained in the adjacent polarizing plate. This makes it impossible to have a long quality guarantee period of the polarizing film.	0
In some embodiments there is provided a honey analogue including a honey isolate containing type II arabinogalactan (AG). The analogue may include greater than 10 μg/g type II AG.	0
In contrast, when the final size N+a of the selection area 32 a executed by the phase manipulation command issuer is closer to N type, the selection area 32 a is displayed on the display at the size of N type and information is displayed as N type information (S 216 -S 218 ).	0
The present disclosure relates to spinal fixation systems and particularly to an anchor device that incorporates multi-axial fixation to the spine.	0
With the hand cart configured as above, the grip component can be rotatably coupled to the second part of the support component, and the angle adjustment mechanism can be configured to rotate the grip component relative to the second part of the support component to adjust the angle of the grip component with respect to the support component.	0
FIG. 4 depicts a system for distributing blue laser light to a plurality of projectors, according to non-limiting implementations.	0
Pro Asn Lys Pro Asp Glu Arg Glu Tyr Glu Arg Arg Leu Arg Glu Ser	0
FIG. 1 illustrates a block diagram of an exemplary distribution strip in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention.	0
Chromosomal modifications were transferred to a given E. coli recipient strain by P1 transduction. The protocol is composed of 2 steps: (i) preparation of the phage lysate on a donor strain containing the resistance associated chromosomal modification and (ii) infection of the recipient strain by this phage lysate.	0
By heating the section 70 and 72 of the first tool 60 , bringing it into the shape of the sections 96 , 98 of the second gripper tool and cooling them down, it can be possible to give the first tool 60 the same or substantially similar characteristics as the second tool 90 . So a gripper finger with belonging sections 70 , 72 , 96 , 98 made of a shape memory polymer can be very flexible concerning the size of the objects to be gripped.	0
An extensive variety of amino acids, including metabolites and catabolites thereof, can be incorporated into molecules which display a surfactant activity. For example, molecules such as ornithine, homoarginine, citrulline, and a-aminobutanoic acid are useful components of molecules displaying surfactant activity as described herein. Surfactant molecules according to the present invention can also comprise longer straight-chain molecules; α-aminopentanoic acid and α-aminohexanoic acid are two additional examples of such useful molecules.	0
The mirror array 22 has in particular at least 4, in particular at least 16, in particular at least 64, in particular at least 256, in particular at least 1024, in particular at least 1296, in particular at least 1600 mirror elements 23 . These are preferably arranged in a rectangular matrix, in particular a square matrix. The mirror elements 23 have a square cross section. In principle, they can also have a triangular, rectangular or hexagonal embodiment. They are embodied as parquet elements. The totality of the mirror elements 23 forms a parqueting of an overall reflection surface of the mirror array 22 . The parqueting is a tessellation, in particular. The mirror elements 23 are arranged in a particularly tightly packed manner. In particular, the mirror array has a degree of filling of at least 0.85, in particular at least 0.9, in particular at least 0.95. Here, the degree of filling, which is sometimes also referred to as integration density, denotes the ratio of the overall reflection surface, i.e. the sum of the reflection surfaces 36 of all mirror elements 23 of the mirror array 22 , to the overall area of the array 22 .	0
In the lens driving apparatus 100 according to the embodiment, the lens holding member 1 includes a rising base portion 1 e that includes the fastening portion 1 d . A boundary between the upper first portion 5 a and the upper elastic arm portion 5 c of the upper leaf spring 5 is located at a position corresponding to an outer periphery of the base portion 1 e.	0
Alternatively, other methods of rupturing the band can be employed. The band can be a single band applied to the expansion mechanism. Alternatively, a pair of bands can be employed. More than two bands can be employed as necessary. These can be spaced apart lengthwise of the expansion mechanism and/or be in overlapping relationship. Overlapping bands can allow an outer band to protect an inner band from rupturing prematurely.	0
This application is a 35 U.S.C. §371 National Stage entry of International Application No. PCT/KR2010/003412, filed on May 28, 2010, and claims the benefit of priority of U.S. Provisional application No. 61/181,673 filed on May 28, 2009, U.S. Provisional application No. 61/218,399 filed on Jun. 18, 2009, and Korean Patent application No. 10-2010-0050177 filed on May 28, 2010, all of which are incorporated by reference in their entirety herein.	0
In one embodiment the antibody comprises (a) HVR-L1 comprising the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 08; (b) HVR-L2 comprising the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 09; (c) HVR-L3 comprising the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 10; or a humanized variant thereof.	0
means for determining whether each of the two successive pulse signals for reading out two fields of the particle still image signals is for an even field or an odd field; and	0
Tyr Val Asp Gly Asp Gln Cys Glu Ser Asn Pro Cys Leu Asn Gly Gly	0
For simplicity, the following descriptions will address the present invention in its application to a single cylinder direct-injection gasoline four-stroke internal combustion engine, although it should be appreciated that the present invention is equally applicable to a multi-cylinder direct-injection gasoline four-stroke internal combustion engine.	0
LPS levels in the honeys did not adequately explain the level of immunostimulatory activity suggesting that an additional factor was present. The contribution of a type II arabinogalactan protein (AGP) previously identified in kanuka honey was tested. The kanuka AGP stimulated the release of TNF-□□ from THP-1 and U937 cells, and appears to be largely responsible for the activity of kanuka honey.	0
Gln Leu Ile Cys Val Asn Glu Asn Gly Gly Cys Glu Gln Tyr Cys Ser	0
Hence, there exists a need for a non-surgical treatment of aortic valve stenosis and other valvular diseases.	0
In yet another example, the surface could be textured or patterned.	0
FIGS. 8A and 8B are example graphical user interfaces including displays of various metrics generated from measurements and methodologies disclosed herein;	0
In this situation, the controller 238 receives input data from each of the transducer 240 and the temperature sensor 242 . The ambient temperature as measured helps to fine-tune the response (if any) to changes in head pressure as measured, as described above.	0
FIG. 3 is a view in cross section of the cleaner taken on a line 3 - 3 in FIG. 2 illustrating possible rotation of a float which is included in the cleaner.	0
The reaction may be shown schematically as follows, wherein C is a cellulose polymer of varying molecular chain lengths and R is a molecular radical having a hydroxy group (e.g., ethyl, propyl, butyl):	0
Stomach model showed good performance to overcome the limitations of the standard methods. The floating tablets were not drying on the surface due to continuous shaking of the dissolution vessels. Absence of rotating elements excluded the effects observed in USP dissolution apparatus I and II. In addition, there was no need to force the tablets under the liquid surface, hence simplifying the construction of the stomach model. During the test the dissolution media was protecting the tablets from significant impacts with solid construction elements.	0
Additionally, the holder may include means for measuring temperature, such as a thermometer, temperature probe or the like, and a visual temperature indicator, such as a temperature gauge. The means for measuring temperature may measure the temperature of the lower padded layer, the temperature of the iron, the outer temperature of the water reservoir, or the temperature of the water contained within the water reservoir. The visual indicator may be a standard thermometer or the like, or may include a segmented, multi-color indicator with, for example, a blue region representing cold temperatures, and a red region representing hot temperatures.	0
In this case, the protective film surely covers the piezoelectric elements without the inhibition of the displacement of the piezoelectric active portions, thus preventing the fracture due to external environment of the piezoelectric element.	0
A single sample (a single grain) is placed on an even balance, and a flat section with a diameter of 5 mm is pressed against the sample. A load needed when the grain is crushed is read. Loads necessary for a total of 10 grains are measured, and a mean value thereof is defined to be the crushing strength (kgf) of the granular fertilizer. In order to suppress the pulverization of the granular fertilizer during transportation, it may be preferable for the granular fertilizer to have a crushing strength of 0.5 kg or more. As such, the “sufficient strength” typically means that the crushing strength is 0.5 kg or more. The crushing strength may be preferably 15 kg or less, or 10 kg or less, since the granular fertilizer having such crushing strength is easily disintegrated in the soil.	0
Indeed, the impeller of Curve A may be configured to be inserted into vascular system of a patient through a percutaneous access site having a size less than 21 FR. The impeller of Curve A (e.g., which may be similar to or the same as impeller 300 D) may include one or more blades in a single row. In some embodiments, the impeller can be configured to pump blood through at least a portion of the vascular system at a flow rate of at least about 2.0 liters per minute when the impeller is rotated at a speed less than about 21,000 revolutions per minute. In some embodiments, the blades are expandable.	0
The fine resin particles having the complex viscosity at a softening temperature of the toner base particles 2 of 1.0×10 4 Pa·s or more and 1.0×10 5 Pa·s or less have a sufficiently high complex viscosity during fixing. Therefore, a toner image is difficult to be adhered to the surface of a fixing roller even in the case that temperature of a fixing roller surface is relatively high. As a result, when the resin coating layer 4 contains the second fine resin particles (hereinafter referred to also as “high viscosity fine resin particles”), hot offset resistance can be improved. Furthermore, the fine resin particles having the complex viscosity at a softening temperature of the toner base particles 2 of 1.0×10 4 Pa·s or more and 1.0×10 5 Pa·s or less are difficult to be compatible with a binder resin contained in the toner base particles 2 . When the resin coating layer 4 contains the high viscosity fine resin particles, the high viscosity rein fine particles have high effect of suppressing exposure of each component of toner base particles 2 , thereby imparting heat resistance to the resin coating layer 4 . Therefore, a capsule toner having the resin coating layer comprising the low viscosity fine resin particles and high viscosity fine resin particles achieves both low temperature fixability and hot offset resistance and can have sufficiently wide fixing temperature range, and additionally, blocking resistance that cannot be obtained by the toner base particles 2 alone can be obtained.	0
The concentration of chloride in the acidic uranium, chloride, iron and sulphate containing solution may be as high as 100 g/l, or higher. However, in most embodiments, the chloride concentration is a minimum of 5 gpl.	0
Pro Ser Asp Thr Pro Ile Leu Pro Gln Ser Ser Ser Ser Lys Ala Pro	0
In another embodiment, the engineered coagulation factor of the present invention can be provided to the individual per se. In one embodiment, the engineered coagulation factor of the present invention can be provided to the individual as part of a pharmaceutical composition where it is mixed with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier.	0
Note that the trailing end of the primary beam ( 101 ) and a share of the weight applied to the beam when in the second raised and unfolded configuration or in the third folded or transport configuration such as by raised frames is always supported by the wheeled trailer ( 150 ), always attached at the trailing end of the beam ( 101 ). In either unfolded configuration, as in FIGS. 3 and 4 the inner ends of the rear members of frames ( 112 a , 112 b ) rest against each other and provide a stop to further extension of rams ( 108 a , 108 b ). Positive engagement means, such as a pin and eye arrangement to maintain position are an example of an option to maintain alignment between the inner ends of the frames during use. For instance one frame may have a “v” welded on the inside rear end and the other frame has a corresponding locating notch.	0
It is presumed that, when an acid acts on the compound of Formula (7), the epoxy ring opens to form a cation at the β-carbon and an organic acid is generated as a result of hydrogen transfer. Specific examples of the compound of Formula (7) include the following:	0
(Triphenylsulfonium 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-5-(((2,2,2′,2′-tetramethyl-4,4′-bi(1,3-dioxolan)-5-yl)methoxy)carbonyloxy)pentane-1-sulfonate (PAG-A1; abbreviated TPS CIPX TFBS) was prepared according to the following procedure. Triphenylsulfonium 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-4-hydroxybutane-1-sulfonate (1.2, 20.42 g, 0.042 mol) was dissolved in 200 mL anhydrous acetonitrile followed by addition of anhydrous pyridine (7.27 g, 0.092 mol) under nitrogen. The rapidly stirred solution was cooled on an ice bath. IPXOCOCl ((2,2,2′,2′-tetramethyl-4,4′-bi(1,3-dioxolan)-5-yl)methyl carbonochloridate) (1.3, 14.80 g, 0.05 mol) dissolved in 100 mL anhydrous acetonitrile was added dropwise over 30 min. The reaction was stirred at room temperature under nitrogen for 2 days. Solvent was removed on the rotary evaporator at 30° C., and the residual oily material was dissolved in dichloromethane (200 mL), washed with H 2 O (8×100 mL), filtered through heavy pleated paper and the solvent removed on the rotary evaporator at 30° C. to provide a gummy oily material. The oily material was redissolved in dichloromethane (100 mL) and the resulting solution was poured slowly into 2 L of rapidly stirred methyl tert-butyl ether (MTBE). The resulting white suspension was stirred 15 min., let stand 15 min. to allow the precipitate to congeal, the supernatant was decanted and the congealed oily residue was dried under vacuum to yield 20 g (63% yield) of PAG-A1 as a thick oily material. 1 H NMR (CDCl 3 , 300 MHz): δ 1.36 (s, 3H), 1.42 (bs, 9H), 2.79 (m, 2H), 3.88 (t, 1H), 3.93 (m, 1H), 4.07 (t, 1H), 4.18 (m, 3H), 4.34 (m, 1H), 4.43 (t, 2H). 19 F NMR: δ−118.76, −112.64.	0
The essential differences between the diafiltration and the dialysis methods in are summarised in Table-III, for quick reference.	0
In an alternative embodiment, biochemically derivatizing the sugars located distal to receptor binding sites with an orienting molecule such as recombinant C3d-cysteine utilizing periodate oxidation and a heterobifunctional cross-linker permits a greater control of orientation of the molecule during the process of antigen presentation. These gp 120-C3d complexes will better expose neutralizing determinants to the humoral immune system, presumably by targeted orientation of such complexes, in a C3d-dependent manner, to complement receptors (CD21) located on the surface of antigen presenting cells (APCs).	0
Referring now also to FIG. 2, a pair of crimping dies 40 are shown incorporating features of the invention. Although the present invention will be described with reference to the exemplary embodiments shown in the drawings, it should be understood that the present invention can be embodied in many alternate forms of embodiments. In addition, any suitable size, shape or type of elements or materials could be used. The dies 40 are adapted to be removably mounted to the frame section 28 and the ram 30 at opposing locations 42 , 44 . The two locations 42 , 44 form die mounting areas of the tool 10 for removably mounting the dies 40 to the tool. However, the dies 40 could be mounted to any suitable type of tool including, for example, a non-battery operated tool or a non-hydraulic tool.	0
The pressure was increased from 8 MPa to 20 MPa, as explained below. First, the supercritical state carbon dioxide of 50 degrees C. and 8 MPa was passed through the high pressure vessel. Then, the pressure of the moving phase was increased to 13 MPa. A fraction was collected at 13 MPa for 30 minutes. Subsequently, the pressure of the moving phase was increased to 14 MPa to collect a fraction for 30 minutes, then, the pressure of the moving phase was increased to 15 MPa to collect a fraction for 60 minutes and, then, the pressure of the moving phase was increased to 20 MPa to collect a fraction for 60 minutes. Molar ratios of the components in each fraction are as shown in Table 11.	0
Leu Asn Ala Cys Glu Glu Cys Ile Lys Ile Leu Asp Met Gly Gly Gly	0
One disadvantage of the prior art is that even with smaller transistors being used in the distributed header switches, as each switch is being turned on, a transient current of significant magnitude can still occur. Therefore, with the use of multiple switches, a sequence of transient currents can be produced, each having a magnitude that can be large enough to cause damage.	0
Asp Leu Pro Tyr Val Glu Val Val Ser Ser Glu Arg Glu Met Ile Lys	0
Alternatively, it is also possible for the controller 38 to be connected to and control operation of the expansion valve 54 and the expansion valve 64 . However, in the depicted embodiment, the expansion valve 54 and the expansion valve 64 are automatic expansion devices, such as conventional refrigerant nozzles that allow for gradual expansion of high pressure refrigerant to a lower pressure environment.	0
As is well known, and widely accepted, partial task simulators and training aids can be very effective for teaching individuals how to perform a wide variety of different tasks. More specifically, they can be extremely helpful for teaching an individual how to perform certain medical procedures. In this context, and of particular importance for the present invention, are those medical procedures that are required for response to a life-threatening, emergency situation. The import here is two-fold. Firstly, the partial task simulator should effectively augment the educational background that is necessary to assess an emergency situation. Secondly, it should serve as a tool with which a person can learn how to respond to an emergency situation by properly performing essential life-saving tasks. The efficacy of any partial task simulator or training aid, however, is dependent on the realism it provides and its ability to simulate or mimic an environment where the task is to be actually performed.	0
FIG. 5 shows that the normal set point pressure pnorm can be a function of the rotational speed nmot of the crankshaft 54 of the internal combustion engine 12 and a function of the relative filling of the cylinder(s) with air r 1 . For this purpose, these two variables are supplied to a characteristic diagram KF 2 . The increased set point pressure pincr is a function of the actual fuel temperature tfuel. This temperature tfuel, however, must inevitably concern the same value tfuel, which was determined above. The connection between tfuel and pincr is established by the characteristic curve KL; and in fact in such a way that the increased set point pressure pincr is increased more dramatically at a higher fuel temperature tfuel than at a lower fuel temperature tfuel. The greater of the two values pincr and pnorm is used in 78 .	0
Compound 13a: a compound represented by the following formula (13a):	0
FIG. 1 is a perspective view of a bipolar electrosurgical system embodying the present invention;	0
FIGS. 11A-E show, conceptually, some various illumination combinations. These are not the only possible combinations, and merely are examples. The reference character convention therein has power source, P 1 , P 2 , P 3 , such as electricity and/or their controller(s). When such power source is activated, in FIGS. 11A-D, it is shown encircled. Upon activation, one or more of the light emitters, L 1 , L 2 , L 3 , such as LEDs, emit light. Cover 1 (red) and cover 2 (clear) are shown, covering in the Z-axis, the various light emitters. Upon activation, one or more of the light emitters, L 1 , L 2 , L 3 , cause red light R 1 , red light R 3 , and/or white light W 1 , W 2 , to be emitted from the lamp. Alternatively, white light W 1 may be substituted with (or also have in addition) an amber light (not shown). For example, the shading of the first area and/or the second area, in FIGS. 8A-10B, indicate red light emitted from that area. Thus, for example, the conceptually illumination shown in FIG. 11A corresponds to the red illuminated shading of only first red areas 201 , 301 and 401 in FIGS. 8A, 9 A and 10 A, respectively. And, for example, the conceptually illumination shown in FIGS. 11D and/or 11 E corresponds to the red illuminated shading of both first red areas 201 , 301 and 401 as well as red light from second clear areas 202 , 302 and 402 in FIGS. 8B, 9 B and 10 B, respectively.	0
As indicated in step B1 or step B2, it is possible to reduce the lead time for manufacturing polarizing films because there is no need to cure the adhesion layer just before adhering the polarizing film to the liquid crystal panel. Further, it is possible to extend the quality guarantee period for the polarizing film because there is a low possibility of the adhesion layer being deteriorated because of no adhesion layer in the polarizing film.	0
According to yet another aspect of the present invention, a pattern inspection apparatus includes a first coefficient calculation processing circuitry configured to calculate a first coefficient of a filter function for generating a reference image, by using data of an optical image of each of a plurality of small regions each having a predetermined size selected from an inspection region of a substrate to be inspected on which a plurality of figure patterns are formed, and data of a developed image generated by performing image development of a pattern arranged in the each of the plurality of small regions based on design data used as a basis for forming the plurality of figure patterns on the substrate to be inspected; a second coefficient calculation processing circuitry configured to calculate a second coefficient of a filter function for generating a reference image, by using data of an optical image of a reference small region selected from the plurality of small regions, and data of a developed image of the reference small region selected; a determination processing circuitry configured to perform determination, for each pixel, whether there exists a pixel for which a difference, between a first temporary reference image to be compared with the optical image of the reference small region generated using the filter function in which the first coefficient is defined and a second temporary reference image to be compared with the optical image of the reference small region generated using the filter function in which the second coefficient is defined, is larger than a threshold; a reference image generation processing circuitry configured to generate the reference image by using the filter function in which the first coefficient is defined, for each of a plurality of inspection unit regions into which the inspection region of the substrate to be inspected is divided by a size same as the predetermined size; an optical image acquisition mechanism configured to include a stage for mounting thereon the substrate to be inspected, an illumination optical system for illuminating the substrate to be inspected, and a sensor for capturing an optical image at an illuminated position, and to acquire the optical image in the inspection region; a comparison processing circuitry configured to compare the optical image with the reference image, for the each of the plurality of inspection unit regions; and an inspection control processing circuitry configured to beforehand stop inspecting the pattern in the inspection region, in a case where, based on the determination, the pixel for which the difference is larger than the threshold exists.	0
The activation of such inactive precursors is known to the skilled person and commonly in use, e.g. activation in the stomach and/or gastro-intestinal pathway-such as acidic activation, alkaline activation, tryptic-, chimotryptic or pepsinogenic activation by enzymatic cleavage.	0
FIG. 8 is an exploded perspective view showing the counter gear shaft, pins and springs;	0
The plasmid map of the light chain expression plasmid 9922 is shown in FIG. 3.	0
FIG. 17 is a first side view of a stator assembly.	0
If material 88 and substrate 12 comprise silicon, dielectric material 92 can comprise silicon dioxide and can be formed by oxidation of surfaces of substrate 12 and material 88 . Dielectric 92 can thus comprise, consist essentially of, or consist of silicon dioxide. In the aspect of FIGS. 79-81, dielectric material 92 , material 42 , material 72 and material 66 are shown comprising the same composition as one another and merging into a common dielectric structure. Materials 92 , 42 , 72 and 66 would typically all comprise, consist essentially of, or consist of silicon dioxide. The merging of materials 92 , 42 , 72 and 66 simplifies the drawings, and such merging will be shown in the drawings following FIGS. 79-81, but it is to be understood that the invention also encompasses aspects in which one or more of materials 92 , 42 , 72 and 66 has a different composition than the others.	0
FIG. 1 illustrates a schematic representation of an internal combustion engine system 10 in accordance with one non-limiting aspect of the present invention. The system 10 may provide power for driving any number of vehicles, including on-highway trucks, construction equipment, marine vessels, stationary generators, automobiles, trucks, tractor-trailers, boats, recreational vehicle, light and heavy-duty work vehicles, and the like.	0
Although the device 120 is shown by way of example as one type of a computer device upon which various aspects and functions may be practiced, aspects are not limited to being implemented on the device 120 as shown in FIG. 1. Various aspects and functions may be practiced on one or more computers having a different architectures or components than that shown in FIG. 1. For instance, the device 120 may include specially programmed, special-purpose hardware, such as for example, an application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) tailored to perform a particular operation disclosed herein. While another example may perform the same function using a grid of several general-purpose computing devices running MAC OS System X with Motorola PowerPC processors and several specialized computing devices running proprietary hardware and operating systems.	0
In various aspects, the rotatable liquid-blocking member is a belt that is transported around a belt path. The belt forms at least one surface of the liquid reservoir. In various aspects, a backing member (e.g., a pressure roller) presses the moistened medium 42 against the liquid-blocking layer. In various aspects, the liquid-blocking barrier is permeable to the vaporized moistening liquid 420 . For example, the liquid-blocking barrier can be GORE-TEX or another material that is substantially permeable to vaporized moistening liquid 420 (e.g., water vapor) but not to heating liquid 415 (e.g., oil). Throughout this disclosure, moistened medium 42 (FIG. 4) can be transported by belts or drums permeable to vaporized moistening liquid 420 .	0
Variations within the scope and spirit of the invention will occur to those skilled in the art.	0
To determine the selection of the local time-steps, the physics of the problem being solved is considered. A single iteration (e.g., using Newton-Raphson) of the original, fully implicit problem is performed. This provides an approximation to the pressure field for all cells at the final time. Given the pressure field, one can calculate a potential for each phase, and for each phase one can order the grid blocks according to their potential, from highest to lowest. The potential of a phase within a grid block is a measure of that fluid's propensity to flow. Flow will occur from a region of higher potential towards a region of lower potential.	0
FIGS. 5, 9 - 10 , and 11 , collectively show a second preferred embodiment 500 of the breach bag configured as an elongate rectangle. FIG. 5 shows this embodiment deployed proximate door hinges by stringing a line 505 through one or more grommets 200 and hanging it on a static positioning pole 120 , or other structure suitable for holding the weight of the water-filled apparatus. Alternatively, the bag can be secured against a wall or door with a strong and instantly effective adhesive, such as the glues employed in rodent glue traps and trays. In this embodiment, the inventive apparatus is a four-ply elongate sleeve having a top opening 502 at the bag top 900 and a bottom opening 504 at the bag bottom 910 and a tube portion 950 running therebetween so as to form a hollow sleeve into which detonating cord 400 may be inserted. The sleeve is defined by two segregated bladders, including a front bladder 510 and a rear bladder 520 , each having a dedicated capped fill port 220 . The segregated bladders are defined by seams, preferably comprising RF welded portions of the bag panel material, including substantially parallel first and second side seams 525 , which are shared by the bladders, and substantially parallel front and back bottom seams 530 and front and back top seams 535 , respectively, which completely seal and segregate the front and rear bladders from one another. As can be seen, the fluid inlets are disposed on the same (front) side of the bag, with the rear port being elevated relative to the front port. When the bladders are filled, they are effectively “inflated” and bulge outwardly so as to generally approximate the interior sides of the bladders; i.e., to bring them into sufficiently close proximity to enable a length of detonation cord 400 to be captured within the sleeve formed by the folded device, and having a segment of the detonating cord exposed outside the bag for detonation. As will be readily appreciated, different fill materials having different densities or compressive properties may be introduced into the respective bladders, thus tailoring the blast wave to the demands of the situation.	0
The MPU of FIG. 11 further functions as a means for creating file system change information according to the video file size change. The information recording/reproducing section 32 corresponds to a means for changing (rewriting) at least part of the address information about the cells recorded on the information storage medium or the address information about VOBs according to the file system change information.	0
The operations in the operation flow may be executed in a time-series manner, may be executed in parallel, or may be individually executed.	0
R 71 is preferably a hydrogen atom or a linear or branched C 1-10 alkyl group, more preferably a hydrogen atom or a linear or branched C 1-5 alkyl group, even more preferably a linear or branched C 1-4 alkyl group, particularly preferably methyl, ethyl, n-propyl, isopropyl, n-butyl, sec-butyl, or tert-butyl, and further particularly preferably methyl or ethyl.	0
The term “constant region derived from human origin” denotes a constant heavy chain region of a human antibody of the subclass IgG1, IgG2, IgG3, or IgG4 (comprising e.g. the CH1 domain, the hinge region, the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain, and optionally the CH4 domain) and/or a constant light chain K or 2 region (the CL domain). Such constant regions are well known in the state of the art and e.g. described by Kabat, E. A. (see e.g. Johnson, G., and Wu, T. T., Nucleic Acids Res. 28 (2000) 214-218; Kabat, E. A., et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 72 (1975) 2785-2788). While antibodies of the IgG4 subclass show reduced Fc receptor (FcγRIIIa) binding, antibodies of other IgG subclasses show strong binding. However Pro238, Asp265, Asp270, Asn 297 (loss of Fc carbohydrate), Pro329, Leu234, Leu235, Gly236, Gly237, Ile253, Ser254, Lys288, Thr307, Gln311, Asn434, and His435 are residues which, if altered, provide also reduced Fc receptor binding (Shields, R. L., et al., J. Biol. Chem. 276 (2001) 6591-6604; Lund, J., et al., FASEB J. 9 (1995) 115-119; Morgan, A., et al., Immunology 86 (1995) 319-324; EP 0 307 434). In one embodiment the antibody of the fusion protein has a constant region derived from human origin. In another embodiment the antibody of the fusion protein has a constant region with an amino acid sequence selected from SEQ ID NO: 18 to SEQ ID NO: 22. In also an embodiment the antibody of the fusion protein has a constant region that has the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 18 or 19.	0
As shown in FIG. 14A, the main part 500 of the image data is displayed on the first display unit 413 and the sub part 510 of the image data is displayed on the second display unit 423 . Under this state, when the user rotates the mobile terminal 400 (e.g., rotating by an angle of 180°), the sensing unit 340 (see FIG. 8) detects the rotation. The image data is accordingly swapped such that the user can view a normal screen. Simultaneously, the image is paused so as to be displayed in the paused state and the received image data (e.g., broadcast data) is stored. If the image data being displayed is image data stored in the memory 360 (see FIG. 8), the reproduction of the image is merely paused (see FIG. 14B). Afterwards, in order for the user to view a portion which is hard to be seen during rotation, upon the generation of the rotation detection signal, the controller 380 keeps recording the received image data while restarting the reproduction from the paused image (see FIG. 14C). According to the example, even if the user rotates the mobile terminal 400 , image data which may be missed during rotation can be checked later. This example has illustrated the operation according to the rotation detection signal. However, the present invention may not be limited to the operation; but such function may be executed even if a folder is folded or unfolded over a preset angle.	0
In “collection” mode (FIG. 6d), the lower scoop is advantageously always in an upper abutment position and the upper scoop in a position referred to as high collection position. During the loading and transporting of rubbish, the roof 30 , the carrier 22 and the scoop protect the rubbish from blowing away. It is advantageous to add protective strips 170 , 171 in order to prevent the rubbish from blowing away during loading; they are more preferably made of transparent Plexiglas in order to not hinder the visibility of the loaders.	0
Asp Pro Glu Val Lys Phe Asn Trp Tyr Val Asp Gly Val Glu Val His	0
In another preferred embodiment of the subject matter invention, as chemical additive, the subject matter invention comprises at least one of the chemicals increasing resistance to abrasion, resistance to flame and increasing water absorption; and moreover, optionally, the subject matter invention comprises predetermined amount of thermoplastic material for improving surface appearance.	0
With this method, the user himself or herself can change the straight line to be in a state suitable for separating a group of the local maximum values and a group of the local minimum values with each other, while checking the relationship between the projected pattern and the straight line. Thus, higher character cut out accuracy can be achieved.	0
Although specific reference may be made in this text to the use of lithographic apparatus in the manufacture of ICs, it should be understood that the lithographic apparatus described herein may have other applications, such as the manufacture of integrated optical systems, guidance and detection patterns for magnetic domain memories, flat-panel displays, liquid-crystal displays (LCDs), thin-film magnetic heads, etc. The skilled artisan will appreciate that, in the context of such alternative applications, any use of the terms “wafer” or “die” herein may be considered as synonymous with the more general terms “substrate” or “target portion”, respectively. The substrate referred to herein may be processed, before or after exposure, in for example a track (a tool that typically applies a layer of resist to a substrate and develops the exposed resist), a metrology tool and/or an inspection tool. Where applicable, the disclosure herein may be applied to such and other substrate processing tools. Further, the substrate may be processed more than once, for example in order to create a multi-layer IC, so that the term substrate used herein may also refer to a substrate that already contains multiple processed layers.	0
His Phe Asp Leu Tyr His Val Ile Arg Arg Thr Ile Asn Leu Pro Thr	0
A further method variation lies in the generation of an air cushion from the air accompanying the filaments by means of friction-reducing structures or stampings in the form of scales, (FIG. 2b), diamonds, diagonal lines, etc. on the surface of the arm of the insertion device in the area of the filament contact, because of which a direct contact between filaments and the arm of the insertion device is prevented to the greatest extent.	0
FIG. 2 represents a front elevational view of the installation of FIG. 1.	0
FIG. 3 is a timing diagram of one embodiment of a data transfer involving basic arbitration and framing for two packets where hub agent A is the most recently serviced hub agent.	0
In accordance with embodiments, the closing elements each also have an additional pin which is arranged at a defined distance from the axis of rotation and which serves for articulation of an actuating element.	0
The processor 150 and operating system together define a computer platform for which application programs in high-level programming languages may be written. These component applications may be executable, intermediate, bytecode or interpreted code which communicates over a communication network, for example, the Internet, using a communication protocol, for example, TCP/IP. Similarly, aspects may be implemented using an object-oriented programming language, such as .Net, SmallTalk, Java, C++, Ada, or C# (C-Sharp). Other object-oriented programming languages may also be used. Alternatively, functional, scripting, or logical programming languages may be used.	0
The new targets for moisture and conditioned weight in turn define the nominal target values for jet-to-wire ratio, master speed, slice opening, and stock flow. The targets for these control parameters are then moved from their original value to their new value.	0
Branched-chain polyolefin (C.sub.8 and greater polymers) appear in each of effluent streams A, A', B and B' from two sources. First, polymer is formed in the adsorbers and secondly, previously recycled polymer is recovered as hereinbefore discussed. The amount of hexane and polymer in streams A, A' are equivalent and streams B, B' are equivalent.	0
The invention has been described with reference to preferred embodiments. Many changes may be made without hereby diverting from the idea behind the invention. Modifications and variations which are obvious to a person skilled in the art are considered to be covered by the scope of the present invention.	0
The invention at hand has the task of pointing out a procedure to operate a fuel system, whose application lowers the toxic emissions of the internal combustion engine and lengthens the life of the components of the fuel system.	0
The polymerization initiators may be used singly or in combination of two or more. The total content of the polymerization initiator(s) is preferably from about 0.005 to about 1 part by weight, more preferably from about 0.02 to about 0.5 parts by weight, based on 100 parts by weight of the monomers.	0
The figures, which illustrate, by way of example only, embodiments of the present invention, are as follows.	0
As equipment on the refrigerant side, there are a refrigerant pump 208 for feeding a refrigerant from the condenser C to the low-temperature evaporator E 1 and the high-temperature evaporator E 2 , refrigerant pipes 209 , 210 and 211 , a spray 218 opening in the low-temperature evaporator E 1 , a spray 219 opening in the high-temperature evaporator E 2 , a liquid level sensor 220 for detecting the liquid level in the low-temperature evaporator E 1 , a liquid level sensor 230 for detecting the liquid level in the high-temperature evaporator E 2 , a control valve 221 for controlling the flow rate of the refrigerant to be supplied to the spray 218 , a control valve 222 for controlling the flow rate of the refrigerant to be supplied to the spray 219 , a cooling water pipe 201 disposed in the condenser C, a third hot water pipe 202 disposed in the low-temperature evaporator E 1 , and a control valve 225 disposed at the inlet of the third hot water pipe 202 .	0
Hexane (900 mL) and methanol (1,800 mL) were added to the total lipids obtained in 1) described above, followed by stirring.	0
Referring to FIG. 1, the backlight unit 100 according to a first embodiment of the present disclosure can include a bottom cover 1000 , a light source portion 6000 , optical members 4000 and panel support/guide members 3000 . A panel 7000 and a top case 8000 can be sequentially disposed on the front surface (or upper surface) of the backlight unit 100 .	0
The panel support/guide member 3000 can include a pair of insertion fasteners 3500 . The insertion fastener 3500 is inserted into the hole 2121 of the holder 2120 . As such, the insertion fastener 3500 can be formed in an opposite pillar shape to the hole 2121 of the holder 2120 . Also, the insertion fasteners 3500 can be formed to protrude from both ends of the rear surface of the panel support plate 3100 in the downward direction (i.e., the rearward direction of the bottom cover 1000 ).	0
The preventive or therapeutic agents of the present invention may be administered, either orally or parenterally, systemically or locally. For example, intravenous injection such as drip infusion, intramuscular injection, intraperitoneal injection, subcutaneous injection, suppositories, intestinal lavage, oral enteric coated tablets, and the like can be selected, and the method of administration may be chosen, as appropriate, depending on the age and the conditions of the patient. The effective dosage is chosen from the range of 0.01 mg to 100 mg per kg of body weight per administration. Alternatively, the dosage in the range of 1 to 20 mg, preferably 2 to 8 mg per patient may be chosen.	0
When connecting the supply electrode assembly 36 , the distal end 123 of supply electrode 118 is first inserted through the rearward opened bore 72 . The funnel portion 76 of the bore 72 acts to guide the distal end 123 to the small rearward opening of the through-bore 57 generally of cannula body 29 . Once the supply electrode 118 begins insertion into the cannula body, the inner electrode 48 is in electrical contact the outer wall 124 of the shell 122 . This contact establishes a conductive link with the complementary power conductor in cable 114 . The outer electrode 54 and associated terminal 86 has yet to make electrical contact with the terminal 140 of the coupling assembly 116 of the supply electrode assembly 36 , hence, the circuit is not yet completed.	0
The unique features of metal oxide semiconductors are: (1) carrier mobility is less dependent on grain size of films, that is, high mobility amorphous metal oxide is possible; (2) density of surface states is low and enables easy field effect for TFTs, this is contrary to covalent semiconductors (such as Si or a-Si) where surface states have to be passivated by hydrogen; and (3) mobility strongly depends on the volume carrier density. In order to achieve high mobility for high performance applications, the volume carrier density of the metal oxide channel should be high and thickness of the metal oxide film should be small (e.g. &#x3c;100 nm and preferably &#x3c;50 nm).	0
The hollow chamber wall 701 shown in FIG. 6a is bent at the ends 601 , 603 in order to engage around the corners 401 of the base plate 101 , for example. Optionally, the hollow chamber wall 701 comprises chamfers 605 , 607 that can receive optional chamfers of the base plate 101 .	0
Referring to FIG. 11, the dotted curves represent the following: 130 : 2 mirrors with a split spectral purity enhancement layer; 131 : 3 mirrors with a split spectral purity enhancement layer; 132 : 4 mirrors with a split spectral purity enhancement layer; 133 : 5 mirrors with a split spectral purity enhancement layer. Herein, split spectral purity enhancement layer refers to the embodiment as depicted in FIG. 4 a : one first spectral purity enhancement layer 110 , and intermediate layer 111 and a second spectral purity enhancement layer 112 . FIG. 11 shows the same calculation as shown with the solid curves (i.e. one or more multi-layer mirrors 100 , each having a spectral purity enhancement layer 104 including only a first spectral purity enhancement layer 110 ), but in this case with a first spectral purity enhancement layer 110 of 2.5 nm Si 3 N 4 , followed by an intermediate layer 111 of 2 nm Mo, followed by a second spectral purity enhancement layer 112 of 2.5 nm Si 3 N 4 , followed by a 2.5 nm Ru cap layer 105 . The curves look very similar, but the dotted curve have slightly less DUV suppression and is slightly shifted to shorter wavelengths. In this case three multi-layer mirrors 100 with the spectral purity enhancement layer of this embodiment (split layer) may be needed in order to reach suppression below 10%, but the total losses are much lower, namely 11% EUV loss with an average DUV suppression down to 3.4% (three Ru-capped mirrors R tot ˜42%; 3 Mo-split spectral purity enhancement layers 110 and 112 Ru-capped mirrors R tot ˜31%).	0
The bobbin 6 on which the coil 2 is wound is a hollow body having, therein, a vibration space M 1 along the direction of the vibration axis P (the “one axis”). The vibration space M 1 is a space that extends along the direction of the vibration axis P, surrounded by the inner surface 6 A of the bobbin 6 , where the XY cross-section thereof may be round (including elliptical and oval), or may be square. Moreover, the bobbin 6 in the figure, if necessary, may be provided with a cylindrical portion 6 a that is wound with a coil 2 , flanged portions 6 b and 6 c that are provided on both ends in the direction of the vibration axis P of the cylindrical portion 6 a , a terminal block portion 6 d that extends along the vibration axis P from the end portion of the flanged portion 6 b , and a partitioning portion 6 e wherein the first coil 2 A and the second coil 2 B are partitioned by the cylindrical portion 6 a . The terminal block portion 6 d is provided with terminals 20 ( 20 A and 20 B) to which one end and the other end of the conductive wire of the coil 2 are connected. This bobbin 6 may be formed from an insulator, such as a resin.	0
FIG. 2 is a cross sectional side view of a single tapered cassette.	0
FIG. 9 shows a block diagram depicting an exemplary configuration of computer hardware.	0
FIG. 9( a ) is an explanatory sectional view showing buckling of the rubber hose.	0
FIG. 3 is a block diagram illustrating an access point 300 , in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The AP 300 includes a processor 305 (such as an Intel Pentium® microprocessor or a Motorola Power PC® microprocessor), memory 310 (such as random-access memory), a data storage device 315 (such as a magnetic disk), a computer network interface 320 , input/output (I/O) 325 (such as a keyboard, mouse and LCD display), and a WiFi chipset 330 , each coupled to the communication channel 350 . The computer network interface 320 may be coupled to a computer network, e.g., the Internet. One skilled in the art will recognize that, although the memory 310 and the data storage device 315 are illustrated as different units, the memory 310 and the data storage device 315 can be parts of the same unit, distributed units, virtual memory, etc. The term “memory” herein is intended to cover all data storage media whether permanent or temporary.	0
FIG. 2 is a diagram for describing internal functions of each component of the network system of FIG. 1;	0
The player says: “ok . . . cool . . . now we are going to make this harder . . . face each other and close your eyes. Now I'm going to draw another letter.”	0
The synthesis of the thermoplastically processable polyurethane elastomers may be carried out either stepwise (prepolymer metering process) or by the simultaneous reaction of all components in one stage (one-shot metering process).	0
The target position P(t)=(P x (t), P y (t), P z (t)) relative to the focus is a function of time. The invention is founded on the assumption, that this function can be approximated by a successive series of identical partial functions. The partial function R(t)=(R x (t), R y (t), R z (t)) represents the target position during a single respiratory cycle. The device provides a user interface such that this partial function can be adapted by the user to the respiratory cycle. The user may select a function from a stored set of patterns, which can be further optimized by setting one or more parameters p 1 , p 2 , p 3 , . . . . Pattern functions may be deduced from empirical data obtained e.g. from ultrasound image sequences obtained during previous representative shock wave therapy treatments. Pattern functions may be attributed to certain breathing conditions, e.g. artificially driven breathing with an inserted tube or spontaneous breathing. Parameters p 1 , p 2 , p 3 , . . . may include the maximum amplitude and times for inspiration and expiration phases. The optimized function is R p (t)=R(t, p 1 , p 2 , p 3 ,).	0
Met Gln Arg Ile Gly Asp Met Thr Ala Val Glu Val Lys Gly Arg Ile	0
FIG. 6 shows analysis of the soluble proteins obtained after renaturation of inclusion bodies by SDS-PAGE electrophoresis. Under native conditions (−), (without boiling and in the absence of β-ME) and under denaturing conditions (+) (samples boiled in the presence of β-ME). Lane 1: bovine CDβ4Gal-T1; Lane 2: bovine SRCDβ4Gal-T1; Lane 3: human CDβ4Gal-T1; and Lane 4: human SRCDβ4Gal-T1. Under native conditions a portion of the soluble SRCD sample representing misfolded proteins does not enter the gel (arrow 1 in lanes 2 and 4).	0
When it is determined that the surface temperature TC of the cooler core 16 is lower than the frost-critical temperature TCF, the process proceeds to step S 130 , and the mode transitions to a frost restriction mode. FIG. 11 illustrates a control process in the frost restriction mode.	0
Suitable gas-reduction additives that are known conventionally include, for example: halobenzenes such as fluorobenzene, chlorobenzene, bromobenzene, iodobenzene, or haloalkylbenzenes; succinic anhydride; ethynyl sulfonyl benzene; 2-sulfobenzoic acid cyclic anhydride; divinyl sulfone; triphenylphosphate (TPP); diphenyl monobutyl phosphate (DMP); γ-butyrolactone; 2,3-dichloro-1,4-naphthoquinone; 1,2-naphthoquinone; 2,3-dibromo-1,4-naphthoquinone; 3-bromo-I ,2-naphthoquinone; 2-acetylfuran; 2-acetyl-5-methylfuran; 2-methyl imidazole1-(phenylsulfonyl)pyrrole; 2,3-benzofuran; fluoro-cyclotriphosphazenes such as 2,4,6-trifluoro-2-phenoxy-4,6-dipropoxy-cyclotriphosphazene and 2,4,6-trifluoro-2-(3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy)-6-ethoxy-cyclotriphosphazene; benzotriazole; perfluoroethylene carbonate; anisole; diethylphosphonate; fluoroalkyl-substituted dioxolanes such as 2-trifluoromethyldioxolane and 2,2-bistrifluoromethyl-1,3-dioxolane; trimethylene borate; dihydro-3-hydroxy-4,5,5-trimethyl-2(3H)-furanone; dihydro-2-methoxy-5,5-dimethyl-3(2H)-furanone; dihydro-5,5-dimethyl-2,3-furandione; propene sultone; diglycolic acid anhydride; di-2-propynyl oxalate; 4-hydroxy-3-pentenoic acid γ-lactone; CF 3 COOCH 2 C(CH 3 )(CH 2 OCOCF 3 ) 2 ; CF 3 COOCH 2 CF 2 CF 2 CF 2 CF 2 CH 2 OCOCF 3 ; α-methylene-γ-butyrolactone; 3-methyl-2(5H)-furanone; 5,6-dihydro-2-pyranone; diethylene glycol, diacetate; triethylene glycol dimethacrylate; triglycol diacetate; 1,2-anhydride; 1,3-propanedisulfonic anhydride; 2,2,7,7-tetraoxide 1,2,7-oxadithiepane; 3-methyl- 2,2,5,5-tetraoxide 1,2,5-oxadithiolane; hexamethoxycyclotriphosphazene; 4,5-dimethyl-4,5-difluoro-1,3-dioxolan-2-one; 2-ethoxy-2,4,4,6,6-pentafluoro-2,2,4,4,6,6-hexahydro-1,3,5,2,4,6-triazatriphosphorine; 2,2,4,4,6-pentafluoro-2,2,4,4,6,6-hexahydro-6-methoxy-1,3,5,2,4,6-triazatriphosphorine ; 4,5-difluoro-1,3-dioxolan-2-one; 1,4-bis(ethenylsulfonyl)-butane; bis(vinylsulfonyl)-methane; 1,3-bis(ethenylsulfonyl)-propane; 1,2-bis(ethenylsulfonyl)-ethane; and 1,1′-[oxybis(methylenesulfonyl)]bis-ethene.	0
FIG. 4 is an A-A sectional view of FIG. 1 —an illustration of the position of earth pressure sensors;	0
Leu Ser Thr Lys Asn Ser Lys Phe Glu Asp Cys Cys Gln Glu Lys Thr	0
In another embodiment, the coagulation factor is Factor VIII (FVIII). In another embodiment, the coagulation factor is Factor V (FV). In another embodiment, the coagulation factor is Factor XIII (FXIII). In another embodiment, the coagulation factor is Factor X (FX). In another embodiment, the coagulation factor is fibrin.	0
GMPLS, for example, is a fully distributed control plane with each network element 16 sending data to a next network element 16 to create a connection 18 in the network 10 . FIG. 1A illustrates a switched connection (SC) created by the client 12 . In particular, the client 12 can include, without limitation, optical network elements, switches, routers, cross-connects, servers, etc. The client 12 is configured to initiate a request for the connection 18 to one of the network elements 16 via a User-Network Interface (UNI) protocol. The control plane in turn is configured to determine a path and use a signaling protocol to establish the connection 18 in the network 10 . FIG. 1B illustrates a semi-permanent connection (SPC) created by the management system 14 . The management system 14 can include, without limitation, a network management system (NMS), an element management system (EMS), an operations support system (OSS), a craft interface (CI), a command line interface (CLI), etc. The management system 14 is configured to communicate to a source network element 16 for the connection 18 , and uses network management interfaces and protocols.	0
Subsequently, the flanges 1001 can be cut off or reshaped.	0
FIG. 7 illustrates schematically an exemplary fiber of oval cross-section having a first and second layer surrounding a core.	0
“Isolated nucleic acid encoding an antibody that binds to a human major histocompatibility complex presenting a peptidic fragment of an hepatitis-B-virus protein” refers to one or more nucleic acid molecules encoding antibody heavy and light chains (or fragments thereof), including such nucleic acid molecule(s) in a single vector or separate vectors, and such nucleic acid molecule(s) present at one or more locations in a host cell.	0
Anchor bolts are generally used to securely fix equipment or structures. Post-installed anchors may have only insufficient anchoring strength, due to the characteristic of post construction. In the drive-in-type post-installed anchor, the fixation sleeve is widened or extended outward by the drive-in force to generate a tensile strength and adhere to the inner wall of the pilot hole formed in the concrete floor. The post-installed anchor may thus be slipped off under application of a larger tensile force than the drive-in force. This phenomenon is not characteristic of the drive-in-type anchor but is also found in the post-installed anchor with the nut having the tapered end.	0
One could provide a bipolar electrode assembly that is solid. Such an assembly would be small in diameter. However, such an assembly would not provide the through bore desirable for introducing anesthesia or agents to the surgical site.	0
The above disclosed invention has a number of particular features which should preferably be employed in combination, although each is useful separately without departure from the scope of the invention. While the preferred embodiment of the present invention is shown and described herein, it will be understood that the invention may be embodied otherwise than herein specifically illustrated or described, and that certain changes in form and arrangement of parts and the specific manner of practicing the invention may be made within the underlying idea or principles of the invention	0
The driving mechanism is provided inside the guide box and beneath the door. The driving mechanism includes a motor, a driving pulley, a pair of idler pulleys, and a toothed belt. The driving pulley has teeth, and is adapted to be rotated according to driving of the motor. The pair of idler pulleys are disposed to interpose the driving pulley therebetween. The toothed belt is wound over the pair of idler pulleys and meshed with the teeth of the driving pulley at a position between the idler pulleys. One end of the toothed belt is attached to a lower region of one end of the frame assembly in the movement direction of the door, through a bracket. The other end of the toothed belt is attached to a lower region of the other end of the frame assembly in the movement direction of the door, through a bracket. The toothed belt is held between the both ends of the frame assembly of the door, while being tightened with a given tension.	0
In understanding the scope of the present invention, the term “comprising” and its derivatives, as used herein, are intended to be open ended terms that specify the presence of the stated features, elements, components, groups, integers, and/or steps, but do not exclude the presence of other unstated features, elements, components, groups, integers and/or steps. The foregoing also applies to words having similar meanings such as the terms, “including”, “having” and their derivatives. Also, the terms “part,”“section,”“portion,”“member” or “element” when used in the singular can have the dual meaning of a single part or a plurality of parts unless otherwise stated.	0
The transistor gate of gateline 94 gatedly connects the heavily-doped source/drain region 204 with the heavily-doped source/drain region 206 through the conductively-doped pedestals 200 and 202 , through the conductively-doped regions 210 and 212 , and through the p− region of substrate 12 . The channel length of the transistor device is the length extending from source/drain region 204 to source/drain region 206 . The channel characteristics of the device can be influenced by tailoring the dopant concentrations and types along the channel length. Additionally, characteristics of the device can be influenced by the type of materials utilized for pedestals 200 and 202 . For instance, if epitaxial material is utilized for the pedestals, such material tends to be relatively leaky compared to other semiconductor materials. In some aspects it can be advantageous to have the source/drain region associated with the digit line be relatively leaky while the source/drain region associated with the memory storage device be less leaky. In such aspects it can be advantageous to form the pedestals associated with the digit line source/drain region to comprise, consist essentially of, or consist of conductively-doped epitaxial semiconductor material (such as, epitaxial silicon) while the pedestal associated with the source/drain region of the memory storage device comprises, consists essentially of, or consists of conductively-doped semiconductor material which is not epitaxial, such as, for example, conductively-doped silicon which is not epitaxial. If the non-epitaxial semiconductor material is silicon, such can be in the form of, for example, amorphous silicon or polycrystalline silicon. As indicated above, in particular aspects pedestal 200 will be associated with a digit line and pedestal 202 will be associated with a memory storage device.	0
The method 1500 can also be used to monitor injection system information. Some examples of injection system information include, but are not limited to, the end of day status of the injection system 402 , any injection system diagnostic information being recorded, an event log file, and the like. The injection system information can be provided to the user in a number of ways. Namely, the data can be obtained by transmitting a query to the control module 404 from the local or remote device 956 , 958 or alternatively, the control module 404 can be programmed to automatically send the information to a local or remote device 956 , 958 on a periodic schedule (as discussed above).	0
FIG. 23 is a cross-sectional view taken along the line 23 - 23 in FIG. 22.	0
This container lifter system 3 comprises at least one main arm 63 , 64 intended to be pivotably mounted on a chassis 4 about a first right-left axis, called the axis A 11 , intended to take a low position and a high position relative to a bottom-top direction, a framework 61 , 62 pivotably mounted on said main arm 63 , 64 about a second right-left axis, called the axis A 12 , a seat 60 mounted on the framework 61 , 62 and intended to receive a container in order to lift it, at least one auxiliary arm 65 , 66 intended to be pivotably mounted on the chassis 4 about a third right-left axis, called the axis A 13 , and pivotably mounted on the framework about a fourth right-left axis, called the axis A 14 , said container lifting system characterized in that the distance between the axes Al 2 and A 14 (D 24 ) is greater than the distance between the axes A 11 and A 13 (D 13 ).	0
Other systems, methods, features and advantages of the implementations will be, or will become, apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art upon examination of the following figures and detailed description. It is intended that all such additional systems, methods, features and advantages be included within this description and this summary, be within the scope of the implementations, and be protected by the following claims.	0
Gly Gly Ala Cys Cys Thr Cys Cys Gly Gly Ala Cys Cys Gly Gly Ala	0
FIG. 2 is a perspective view showing a first preferred embodiment of this invention;	0
The total amount of the C 14 -C 40 -fatty acids present in the wax phase, relative to the total weight amount of the wax phase, may be in the range of 0-30% (w/w), preferably of 1-20% (w/w), more preferably from 1-10% (w/w) relative to the total amount of components making up the wax phase.	0
1 Air inlet 2 Frame 2 . 1 Frame part 10 Receptacle 2 . 2 , 2 . 3 Frame Side part 3 Closing element 3 . 1 Extension (first free end) 3 . 2 Journal (second free end) 3 . 3 Pin 4 Actuating unit 5 Actuating element 11 Latching device 12 Rib A Axis of rotation R Latching mechanism C Through-bore D Latching lug E Peripheral groove F Cone point B Base component B 1 , B 2 , B 3 Widths D 1 D 2 D 3 Diameters G Housing K Collar	0
FIG. 10 shows in more detail the bank 41 of RS decoders that the FIG. 9 portion of the FIG. 8 M/H receiver apparatus uses for decoding TRS, including structure to locate byte errors for TRS decoding. The bank 41 of RS decoders is shown as comprising a decoder 411 for (235, 187) RS code, a decoder 412 for (223, 187) RS code, a decoder 413 for (211, 187) RS code, and RS decoder selectors 414 and 415 . The RS decoder selector 414 is connected for applying the TRS codeword read from the preceding RAM 40 to one of the decoders 411 , 412 and 413 as selected responsive to an RS CODE MODE pair of bits. The RS decoder selector 415 is connected for applying to the succeeding RAM 42 the error-corrected results from the one of the decoders 411 , 412 and 413 as selected responsive to the RS CODE MODE pair of bits. The RS CODE MODE pair of bits is generated by the decoding control unit 7 responsive to the RS_code_mode bits in the TPC signals decoded by the decoder 14 for (18, 10) RS FEC code.	0
FIG. 2 illustrates an exploded view of the air inlet of FIG. 1 from the front.	0
Surface transceiver 26 may optionally be configured to transmit information to downhole system 20 using any one or more telemetry techniques for which surface transceiver 26 is equipped to transmit. This facility may enable users of drill rig 10 to send, for example, control information to downhole system 20 and, therefore, to the bottom hole assembly. Surface transceiver 26 may, in some embodiments, transmit data to downhole system 20 using one or more telemetry techniques for which downhole system 20 is equipped to receive (and not necessarily transmit) data. For example, in a drill rig 10 in which the drill string is driven from the surface, data may be transmitted to downhole system 20 by varying drilling parameters (such as speed and/or direction of rotation of the drill string). Surface transceiver 26 may also, or alternatively, transmit data to downhole system 20 using one or more telemetry techniques for which downhole system 20 is equipped to both receive and transmit data. For example, a downhole system 20 with electromagnetic telemetry capabilities may be configured to both receive and transmit data using electromagnetic telemetry.	0
Generally, the membrane modules 2 are located at the center of the bio-reaction tank. A plurality of macropore aeration pipe heads 31 is disposed on the macropore aeration pipe 3 in orderly at intervals. The macropore aeration pipe heads 31 are distributed just below the membrane modules 2 or around the position just below the membrane modules 2 , designed to form effectively a cross flow around the membrane modules 2 to flush the sedimentation layer on the surface of the membrane modules 2 , to increase the water flow shearing force as much as possible, and to reduce or eliminate the sedimentation of pollutants on the membrane surface during the generation of macropore bubbles having large pore diameters. Optionally, a plurality of micropore aeration pipe heads is disposed orderly at intervals on the micropore aeration pipe. To avoid the arrangement of the micropore aeration pipe heads at the same elevation with the macropore aeration pipe heads 31 , the micropore aeration pipe heads are distributed at the peripheral position below the bio-reaction tank, so that the supply of oxygen for the biochemical reaction of micro-organisms inside of the bio-reaction tank is ensured, and the organic substances are degraded effectively.	0
FIG. 1A depicts an exemplary garment in accordance with some embodiments of the invention;	0
Val Leu Asp Ser Asp Gly Ser Phe Phe Leu Tyr Ser Lys Leu Thr Val	0
Each of the heating systems 128 is used to supply heated gas to a respective different subset of the nozzles 132 in the center supply structure 130 . That is, in the exemplary embodiment shown in FIGS. 1-5, the first heating system 128 - 1 is used to supply heated gas to a first subset of the nozzles 132 (which are separately referred to here as the “first nozzles 132 - 1 ”), and the second heating system 128 - 2 is used to supply heated gas to a second subset of the nozzles 132 (which are separately referred to here as the “second nozzles 132 - 2 ”). Each of the first nozzles 132 - 1 is in fluid communication at one or both of its ends with a first supply duct 134 - 1 in order to receive heated gas from the first heating system 128 - 1 . Likewise, each of the second nozzles 132 - 2 is in fluid communication at one or both of its ends with a second supply duct 134 - 2 in order to receive heated gas from the second heating 128 - 2 .	0
The cause of these constructions was the developmentalism born of the need to overcome the damage of the civil war and the impoverished situation of Spain in the 40s and 50s of the last century. Everything seemed to be useful to improve the standard of living and combat the situation of hunger and misery. The investments of Spanish companies lacking environmental sensitivity impoverished the Galician and Spanish river basins among which the Mino river stands out.	0
R 31 and R 32 are linked to form a pyrrolidone ring, and R 33 is a hydrogen atom, methyl, or ethyl.	0
In a representative embodiment, the compression system can apply at least one platen pressure between 26 psi and 126 psi to the material. Preferably the compression system can apply at least one platen pressure between 46 psi and 86 psi to the woody biomass material in the baling chamber. Most preferably, the compression system can apply at least one platen pressure between 50 psi and 71 psi to the material.	0
As the post-installed anchor of the modification is driven into the installation hole 90 , this arrangement prevents the edge of the tapered face 41 of the sleeve 40 from entering deep inside the expansion pieces 56 a through 56 d and interfering with deformation of the expansion pieces 56 c and 56 d . When the inner diameter of the installation hole 90 is set to be substantially equal to an outer diameter between the opposed expansion pieces 56 a and 56 b , the expansion pieces 56 c and 56 d arranged across a wider outer diameter are hit against the inner wall of the installation hole 90 to be deformed in the course of driving in the post-installed anchor into the installation hole 90 . The post-installed anchor can thus be driven with an adequate level of resistance in the installation hole 90 . In the state of the post-installed anchor driven in the installation hole 90 , as the bolt body 20 is rotated, the expansion pieces 56 c and 56 d are stuck by the inner circumference of the installation hole 90 and thereby function as the anti-rotation mechanism. With rotation of the bolt body 20 , the fixation member 50 starts moving toward the head 22 .	0
Referring next to FIGS. 6-8, there is shown a third preferred embodiment 600 of the inventive breach bag. In this embodiment, also shown in an elongate rectangular configuration, the bag includes a single and continuous bladder 605 . As will be readily appreciated, the shape of the bag can be altered significantly without altering or eliminating any of the novel features and structural characteristics of the apparatus. Thus, the shape may be square, slightly rectangular, or substantially elongate, depending, again, on the intended use. (Indeed, such a design variation is shown in FIGS. 16-19.) In this third embodiment, the breach bag bladder 605 is filled with a desired volume of water through the fluid inlet or capped fill port 220 , according to the force, shape, and size of the desired blast wave. The bladder 605 is defined by welds or seams, shown here as a single side seam 630 , top seams 640 , and bottom seams 650 . The top and bottom seams are shown here each as comprising spaced-apart and generally parallel “double” seams so as to define flat portion through which a plurality of upper grommets 200 and lower grommets 202 may be disposed. The grommets serve as attachment points for rope, string or nails to affix the breach bag to a surface. The breach bag is folded on itself at a fold 670 so as to form front and rear bladder portions and a generally hollow tube or sleeve with a seam edge 660 outside of the single side seam 630 . The bag includes openings at the top and bottom ends 610 and 620 . Hook and loop material 625 , 635 may be disposed on opposing interior sides proximate the respective top and bottom ends and between the top and bottom double seams so as to provide means to create a partial closure at the ends 610 and 620 . When the bladder is filled, it bulges to bring the interior side of the panel into general approximation and to provide force sufficient to capture and retain a length of detonating cord 400 .	0
Many but not all family B DNA polymerases interact with accessory proteins to achieve highly processive DNA synthesis. A particularly important class of accessory proteins is referred to as the sliding clamp. Several characterized sliding clamps exist as trimers in solution, and can form a ring-like structure with a central passage capable of accommodating double-stranded DNA. The sliding clamp forms specific interactions with the amino acids located at the C terminus of particular DNA polymerases, and tethers those polymerases to the DNA template during replication. The sliding clamp in eukarya is referred to as the proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), while similar proteins in other domains are often referred to as PCNA homologs. These homologs have marked structural similarity but limited sequence similarity.	0
FIG. 4 is a schematic diagram showing the components of the mobile device 301 . The device includes a system bus 307 to which the components are connected and which allows the components to communicate with each other. Here, the components are shown to communicate via a single system bus 307 . However, in practice the mobile device may include several buses to connect the various components. The components of the mobile device 301 include a processor unit 308 , memory 309 , an earphone controller 310 , a microphone controller 311 , a display controller 312 , a keyboard controller 313 , a transceiver 314 and a storage device controller 315 . FIG. 4 shows a single processor unit 308 , however in practice the device may include two or more processor units to control different components of the device. In particular, the device 301 may include a baseband processor unit to control a telephony stack, and an application processor to control an operating system and a user interface of the device. The transceiver 314 is also connected to an antenna 316 . The mobile device 301 is arranged to communicate, using transceiver 314 , with a base station of a mobile phone network (not shown). The storage device controller 315 is connected to a storage device 317 which may be an internal hard drive or a removable storage device such as a flash memory card. The device 301 also includes a WiFi™ unit 318 which is connected to a WiFi™ antenna 319 .	0
Where the porous body is thermally conductive, suitable thermally conductive materials may include, but are not limited to, aluminium, copper, zinc, steel, silver, thermally conductive polymers, or any combination or alloy thereof.	0
This application is a National Stage filing of International Application PCT/EP2008/00008370, filed Oct. 2, 2008, claiming priority to German Applications No. DE 10 2007 055 586.7 filed Nov. 20, 2007, DE 10 2007 060 580.5 filed Dec. 13, 2007, and DE 10 2007 062 667.5 filed Dec. 24, 2007 entitled ADSORPTION FILTER MATERIAL, ESPECIALLY A PERMEABLE BARRIER LAYER COMPOSITE WITH AN ADSORBENT, AND THE USE THEREOF.” The subject application claims priority to PCT/EP2008/008370, and to German Applications No. DE 10 2007 055 586.7, DE 10 2007 060 580.5, and DE 10 2007 062 667.5	0
The diagram in (C) illustrates an embodiment of the input device driving unit. The diagram in (C) merely illustrates a single embodiment, and the present invention may use any type of typical input device driving unit.	0
In another embodiment, the amino acid sequence of Factor IX-(CTP) 3 (attached to the carboxy terminus) comprises the following amino acid sequence:	0
FIG. 1 is a side sectional view illustrating a structure of the full-automatic washing machine 1 .	0
Referring now to the drawings, in which like numerals represent like elements throughout the several Figures, aspects of the invention and the illustrative operating environment will be described. FIG. 1 is a functional block diagram of some core architectural components of an elevated mesh network 160 that couples remote field devices 150 operating in radio-frequency range of the elevated mesh network 160 to an asynchronous middleware communications system 112 according to one exemplary embodiment of the invention.	0
As suggested in FIG. 1, the back up ring 80 may abut the packing element 22 or may abut an intermediate annular support or second back up ring 94 as shown in FIG. 5 which is in load transferring relation between the back up ring 80 and the packing element or seal 22 . The annular support 94 may be a soluble, meltable or drillable metal, plastic or composite material. The annular support 94 may comprise a rim or body 96 having a passage 98 therethrough from which depend segments 100 resembling the segments 88 of the back up ring 80 . The segments 100 may be separated by kerfs or slots 102 and may flare outwardly to nest in a cavity 104 in one end of the back up ring 80 . It will be seen that the back up ring 80 is in force transmitting relation with the seal 22 , either in direct contact as in the embodiment of FIG. 3 or in indirect contact through the annular support 94 as in the embodiment of FIG. 5.	0
The individual mirrors of the first facets positioned in the park positions are, in particular, also referred to as fast individual mirrors. They enable a change in the intensity profile of the illumination of the object field, in particular a modulation of the dose of the illumination of the wafer in the image field between the illumination of two dies (inter-die modulation). In this case, the switching time is advantageously shorter than the time used to drive the wafer from one just exposed field to the next.	0
Gas turbine engines are known, and typically include a fan delivering air into both a bypass duct outwardly of a core engine and into a compressor in the core engine. Air in the compressor is passed downstream into a combustor section where it is mixed with fuel and ignited. Products of this combustion pass downstream over turbine rotors, driving them, and in turn drive the compressor and fan. It is common for engines to have more than one turbine driving connected compressor or fan components to allow these components to rotate at different speeds. Recently some engines include a gear reduction between a compressor and the fan, such that a single turbine can drive the two at distinct speeds. With the gear reduction, the fan has become larger, and the bypass flow has become larger, increasing propulsive efficiency.	0
Nozzle 222 is made of materials having relatively high thermal conductivity and a high degree of wear resistance. Nozzle body 230 and nozzle seal 240 are preferably formed from titanium, H-13 or other suitable materials that may be obtained and manufactured at reasonable costs. Nozzle tip 234 is preferably formed of tungsten carbide due to its superior heat transfer properties although other thermally conductive materials may be utilized.	0
Ala Arg Glu Ile Phe Lys Asp Ala Glu Arg Thr Lys Leu Phe Trp Ile	0
FIG. 1B is a diagram illustrating the robot of FIG. 1A and a connection member according to the embodiment arranged in the robot;	0
Pro Leu Glu Glu Ala Leu Asn Leu Ala Pro Ser Lys Asn Phe His Leu	0
Heating source solution heat exchangers D 1 and D 2 , E 1 and E 2 , and F 1 and F 2 through which heating source solution passes may be disposed in parallel to the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL in the series flow patterns, reverse flow patterns and the parallel flow patterns, respectively, as shown in FIG. 25 to FIG. 27.	0
In the present invention, the aromatic ring-containing (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) used preferably has a weight average molecular weight in the range of 500,000 to 3,000,000. In view of durability, particularly, heat resistance, the (meth)acryl-based polymer (A) used preferably has a weight average molecular weight of 700,000 to 2,700,000. It more preferably has a weight average molecular weight of 800,000 to 2,500,000. A weight average molecular weight of less than 500,000 is not preferred in view of heat resistance. If the weight average molecular weight is more than 3,000,000, a large amount of a diluent solvent can be necessary for adjusting the viscosity to be suitable for coating, which may increase cost and is not preferred. The weight average molecular weight refers to a polystyrene-equivalent molecular weight as measured and calculated using gel permeation chromatography (GPC).	0
Next, a hydrocarbon source is introduced into the CVD chamber 200 . The hydrocarbon source can be any hydrocarbon or carbon-containing compound known in the art such as methane (CH 4 ), carbon monoxide (CO), and the like. In a preferred embodiment, the hydrocarbon source comprises a mixture of methane and hydrogen. For example, methane with a flow rate of 1000 standard cubic centimeters per minute (sccm) can be mixed with hydrogen with a flow rate of 200 sccm. The hydrocarbon mixture is flowed over the sample for 15 minutes. The hydrocarbon mixture activates growth of the nanotube 50 . The wells or trenches 35 created by the photoresist 30 and lift-off process create islands of nanotube 50 growth. Nanotube 50 growth can be controlled by selecting the heating temperature, hydrocarbon mixture and growth time and the disclosure above represents only one exemplary method. For example, if longer nanotubes 50 are desired, the growth time can be extended. The sample is then allowed to cool slowly in argon.	0
FIG. 2 generally depicts a rotational bio-motor in accordance with a representative embodiment of the prior art;	0
Patent Literature 5 describes a CNT production method which is intended to cause CNTs to have a long fiber length without inhibiting supply of a raw material gas to a catalyst supporting surface.	0
The bio-waste disposal system 1 may have a ring gear 10 (FIG. 4A), a pinion 11 and a motor 12 . The bio-waste disposal system 1 may be prebuilt into a toilet 20 or may be retrofitted into an existing toilet 20 by securing the device 1 to the interior of a toilet 20 by means of, for example, a plurality of suction cups 300 (as described below and illustrated in FIG. 2) which may be temporarily secured to the interior of a toilet 20 . In particular, the ring gear 10 of the bio-waste disposal system 1 may be located along the bottom opening (outlet) 25 of the toilet 20 (just above the outlet of the toilet 20 ; wherein the bottom opening 25 extends to pipes which exit the building. Although a liquid tight seal is not required, in an embodiment, the ring gear 10 may surround the opening 25 of the bottom of the toilet 20 such that a liquid tight seal is created between the ring gear 10 and the opening 25 of the bottom of the toilet 20 so that any waste 55 or liquid which passes through the opening 25 of the toilet 20 must first pass through the ring gear 10 of the device 1 . In particular, in an embodiment, a rubber, metal or plastic gasket ( 160 ) may be located between the ring gear 10 and the bottom of the toilet 20 so as to create the liquid tight seal.	0
fastening together the first flange assembly, the second flange assembly, and the first collar corner assembly.	0
Each oil filter element may be annular shaped with a cylindrical bore centered along a longitudinal axis of the oil filter element. The oil filter element comprises a porous material, wherein the porous material may be one or more of a cellulose media or a fibrous media, for example. The pores of the oil filter element allow oil to pass through the filter element while entraining larger particles and/or impurities suspended in the oil. These particles may be too large to pass through the pores, thereby causing them to remain within the porous material of the oil filter element. As such, a smaller pore size of the porous media may allow more particles to be removed from the engine oil.	0
It is likely that the interaction of the gp 120-CD4 complex with the appropriate chemokine receptor promotes additional conformational changes in the envelope glycoprotein complex. By analogy with the influenza hemoglutinin, it has been suggested that the HIV-1 gp41 ectodomain undergoes major conformational changes during virus entry. (See, Carr, C M., et al., Cell 73:823-832 (1993); Chen, C H., et al., J. Virol . 69:3771-3777 (1995); Bullough, P., et al. Nature 371:37-43 (1994); and Weissenhorn, W., et al., EMBO J 15:1507-1514 (1996)). The proposed result of these changes is the insertion of the hydrophobic gp41 amino terminus (the “fusion peptide”) into the membrane of the target cell. Mutagenic analysis and the recently determined crystal structures of HIV-1 gp41 ectodomain fragments are consistent with this model (see, Freed, E., et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci USA 87:4650-4654 (1990)).	0
The second assignment problem may be employed to improve continuity of trajectories and is generally defined among the sets I and K. If the particle location k in set K is not related to any particle in set J, then an attempt is made to establish the missing link with some of the unconnected particles in set I that had a velocity history. Thus, the algorithm reverses two steps back in time in order to provide uninterrupted trajectories even if the position of the particle had not been obtained in one time step.	0
The term “contacting” is used herein interchangeably with the following: combined with, added to, mixed with, passed over, incubated with, flowed over, etc.	0
Incidentally, the Q-value indicates the sharpness of a peak of resonance in the resonance circuit. In the RLC resonance circuit, the smaller the value of the series resistance (R), the larger the Q-value, which means that tuned resonance can be produced efficiently between the resonance circuits. Thus, the transmission signal supplied to the loop coils 21 X 2 and 21 X n-2 effects tuned resonance of the resonance circuits including the loop coils 21 X 0 , 21 X 1 , 21 X n-1 , and 21 X n and increased in the Q-value, so that the transmission signal having a predetermined signal level can be sent out also from the loop coils 21 X 0 , 21 X 1 , 21 X n-1 , and 21 X n .	0
In the current design example at least one suction equipped embossing unit 62 each is provided between the forming roll 36 and the drying device 82 , as well as between the drying device 82 and the press nip 98 .	0
In particular, a sloshing phenomenon is induced by a relative movement between seawater flowing into the moonpool and seawater outside the hull of the ship. The sloshing phenomenon may cause an increase in voyage resistance, a decrease in voyage speed, an increase in power consumption and fuel consumption, and a damage of a hull.	0
In cases where a low-frequency signal is superimposed on a client signal being a data signal, the modulation factor of the low-frequency signal has to be kept down to approximately several %. In the first embodiment, there is no restriction on the modulation factor since no low-frequency signal is superimposed on the client signal	0
Another example aspect provides methods comprising, from a downhole tool, transmitting values for one or more parameters using a telemetry protocol. The methods include storing the transmitted parameter values at the downhole tool and acquiring new values for the one or more parameters. The methods compare the new parameter values to the stored previously-transmitted parameter values and in at least some cases suppress transmitting the new parameter values if a difference between the new parameter values and the stored previously-transmitted parameter values is less than a threshold.	0
Lys Ala Thr Glu Leu Lys His Leu Gln Cys Leu Glu Glu Glu Leu Lys	0
Magnetic mountings of this type serve for the largely loss-free mounting of a rotor shaft relative to a stator. One possible application is, for example, the mounting of a motor shaft. When such a magnetic bearing is in operation, the superconductor is cooled to a temperature of approximately 77 K, for example using liquid nitrogen or by a refrigerating machine. The permanent-magnetic elements provided on the rotor shaft and the flux guide elements of the arrangement located on the rotor-shaft side are also cooled to temperatures of approximately 77 K via the small spacing relative to the superconducting structure, the bearing gap which spaces the two arrangements apart having a width of only 1.5 mm. If, then, ambient air has unimpeded access to the bearing gap, the air moisture contained in the ambient air will freeze out of the air in the bearing gap on the cold bearing parts and the bearing gap will therefore be narrowed by ice. The bearing gap thus freezes shut in the course of time.	0
The outer surface of the first vertical plate 2311 can be opposite to one surface of the PCB 7002 . The first horizontal bump 2312 can be opposite to a lower side surface of the PCB 7002 .	0
The weft yarn w extending from the left end portion 8b of the yarn brake 8 in tangential relationship to the measuring disc 5 is wound a couple of times around the circumferential surface of this disc and then extends through the weft inserting nozzle 6.	0
The resulting encapsulated manhole cover 202 will therefore be properly seated only when it is oriented so that the proper height areas are located adjacent to the correct areas of the roadway 206 . To aid an installer, the initial measurer may make note of a reference point (e.g., magnetic North) and the manufacturing step can impart a reference mark on the cover 202 that aligns with that reference point that was measured. In this manner, the cover can be properly aligned when installed.	0
The first borehole 12 includes an injection assembly 18 having an injection valve assembly 20 for introducing steam from a thermal source (not shown), an injection conduit 22 and an injector 24 . The injector 24 receives steam from the conduit 22 and emits the steam through a plurality of openings such as slots 26 into a surrounding region 28 . Bitumen 27 in region 28 is heated, decreases in viscosity, and flows substantially with gravity into a collector 30 .	0
Specifically, when the first deviation ΔT 1 is positive, and the sign of the second deviation ΔT 2 changes from being positive to being negative, the first control mode is executed, and when the sign of the first deviation ΔT 1 changes from being positive to being negative, and the second deviation ΔT 2 is positive, the second control mode is executed.	0
Today's typical cable attachment solutions consist of a collar arrangement that relies on a hinge and latch mechanism for operation. Examples of these mechanisms are described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,507,243, “Connector For Underwater Cables,” Apr. 16, 1996, to Oneil J. Williams et al. and in U.S. Pat. No. 5,709,497, “Latching Device,” Jan. 20, 1998, to David W. Zoch et al. External devices attached to the collars are clamped around races on the cable as the cable is payed out from the back deck of a survey vessel. The races allow the cable to rotate inside the collars while the external devices do not rotate as they are towed along. Conventional connector schemes usually require one operator to position and hold the awkward external device in place while a second operator secures the manual latching collars to the cable, often while trying to maintain balance on a rolling survey vessel. Requiring two operators significantly increases the cost of operation.	0
A media-transport system, (e.g., including rotatable members 790 such as belts or drums, or a belt entrained around multiple drums), transports moistened medium 42 along a transport path 1395 in which moistened medium 42 contacts, or is entrained around, rotatable liquid-blocking member 1360 in contact zone 1270 .	0
FIG. 4 is schematic top view of an exemplary Gate.	0
In another aspect, the present specification provides sorbents (e.g., solid phase extraction sorbents, liquid chromatography sorbents, and/or gas chromatography sorbents) including one or more carbon coated silica particles as described herein.	0
FIG. 7 is a right side view of the endoscope for illustrating arrangement of the bending operation lever and the suction button provided on the operation portion body when the bending portion is in a state of being bent upward, according to the aspect of the present invention;	0
It should be understood that nozzle system 10 of the present invention is not limited to use with mold gates. Nozzle system 10 , and in particular the alignment structures of nozzle tip 14 and nozzle element 16 may be incorporated in a variety of alternative gate applications to actively connect and locate nozzle tip 14 with a gate. Examples are provided in FIGS. 4-6 which show use with a direct sprue gate (FIG. 4), a hot valve gate (FIG. 5), and a cylindrical valve gate (FIG. 6). Note in FIG. 6 that nozzle tip 14 and nozzle element 16 are integrally formed. For convenience, corresponding reference numbers have been assigned to corresponding elements described above.	0
Potassium acetate (Aldrich, Milwaukee, Wis., 99%) was dried at 100° C. under a vacuum of 0.5-1 mm of Hg (66.7-133 Pa) for 4 to 5 h. The dried material had a water content of less than 5 ppm, as determined by Karl Fischer titration. In a dry box, 212 g (2.16 mol, 8 mol % excess) of the dried potassium acetate was placed into a 1.0-L, 3 neck round bottom flask containing a heavy magnetic stir bar. The flask was removed from the dry box, transferred into a fume hood, and equipped with a thermocouple well, a dry ice condenser, and an additional funnel.	0
Referring to FIGS. 1a and 2, the head end (centermost end) of airfoil assembly 10 is shown having spindle 12 connected to a portion of hub 14 of wind turbine 56. Spindle 12 is also connected at its opposite (foot end) to foot plate 16 and has sail 18 furled therearound. Spindle 12 is rotatably mounted (journaled) in plate 44 attached to hub structure 14 and in foot plate 16 such that spindle 12 may rotate about its central axis. Diametral brace cable 20 runs from the rim 22 through hub 14 and on through to the opposite rim, best seen in FIG. 12. A "V"-shaped boom assembly 24 is shown attached to foot plate 16 and diametral brace cable 20. Note airfoil spindle 12 is preferably canted outwardly of the rim 22 (downwind or leeward) to assure clearance of the brace cable, but the axis of the spindle may be parallel to, and spaced from, brace cable 20.	0
PrimaryTime attribute 212 is a variable of type Integer that stores the number of seconds that DMT 118 allows to elapse before minimizing windows that are associated with the most recently accessed application. For example, if app_ 1 114 (FIG. 1) is the most recently accessed application and the value of ‘1200’ is stored in attribute 212 , then DMT 118 would minimize windows 144 and 146 after 1200 seconds, or twenty minutes, of inactivity. SecondaryTime attribute 214 is a variable of type Integer that stores the number of seconds that DMT 118 allows to elapse before minimizing windows that are not associated with the most recently accessed application. For example, if app_ 2 116 (FIG. 1) is the most recently accessed application and the value of ‘300’ is stored in attribute 212 , then DMT 118 would minimize windows 144 and 146 after 300 seconds, or five minutes, of inactivity. The use of attributes 212 and 214 are explained in more detail below in conjunction with FIGS. 6-8.	0
Moreover, in the robot system 1 , as shown in FIG. 9A and FIG. 9B, the operable-inoperable areas of the robots 3 are set corresponding to the movement of the interference point between the robots 3 as time passes. This, as a result, enables to keep the operation restricted area 5 b minimized, so as to enable the two robots 3 to move in a wider range inside the search area 5 without the two robots 3 coming into contact with each other.	0
Also in this embodiment, the liquid crystal light valve 28 R receiving infrared lights for modulation of display lights serves also as the liquid crystal light valve for modulating excitation lights. This configuration does not increase the number of liquid crystal light valves in its entirety, thereby favorably preventing any increase of the manufacturing cost. Described above are two irradiation methods of infrared lights, and with one of the methods of performing image display at the same time of irradiation of infrared lights, there are advantages of not requiring any specific driving by the liquid crystal light valve 28 R for modulation of excitation lights. On the other hand, with the remaining method of performing image display with a time difference from irradiation of infrared lights, there are advantages of increasing the degree of freedom in modulation pattern setting for excitation lights, and easing the control of the movement of the light scattering particles 21 as desired. Further, the configuration of the embodiment requires only to insert one dichroic mirror 30 to be ready for infrared lights directed to the liquid crystal light valve 28 R for lights of red, and the remaining optical components can be implemented with ease as are the same as those in the previous technology.	0
FIG. 5 is an enlarged view of a corner region of the shaft at a distal portion;	0
In another preferred embodiment of the subject matter invention, said wall connection parts extend with respect to each other so as to define an wall top brick in an L like or a T like form.	0
FIG. 6 is an elevation of an exemplary media drying system for removing moistening liquid 420 from moistened medium 42 according to various aspects. Moving moistened medium 42 , moistening liquid 420 , surface 542 , liquid-supply system 510 , heating liquid 415 , and liquid-heating system 515 are as shown in FIG. 5. The moistened medium 42 travels along a transport path 695 . A liquid-delivery system 620 includes curtain-coating system 621 . Curtain-coating system 621 includes slit 622 through which warmed heating liquid 415 flows, thereby forming liquid curtain 615 that impinges on surface 542 of moistened medium 42 . Liquid curtain 615 is represented graphically by various connected rectangles, hatched to represent heat as discussed above with reference to FIG. 5. Moistened medium 42 can be oriented in any way with respect to liquid curtain 615 , provided heating liquid 415 impinges on surface 542 .	0
The w-lactams useful in the present invention are those having from 5 to 12 atoms in the lactam ring. Of these e-caprolactam is especially preferred due to its outstanding physical characteristics such as toughness and tensile strength. Minor amounts of other -lactams of polyamide monomers may be included with the predominant w-lac-tarn so as to form a copolymer if desired. The; polymerization mixture for forming polylactams contains from 0.5 to 5 mole per cent, and preferably from 1 to 2 mole percent of an anionic polymerization catalyst. The catalysts are alkali metals or alkaline earth metals in either metallic form or in the form of hydrides, hydroxides, acetates, oxides, borohydrides, carbonates, bicarbonates, amides, methoxides, ethoxides, alkyls, benzoates, or aryls. Examples of preferred catalysts are lithium metal, sodium metal, potassium metal, lithium hydride, sodium hydride, potassium hydride, lithium methoxide, sodium methoxide and potassium methoxide. In addition to the catalyst, it is necessary to have from 0.01 to 2 mole percent, and preferably from 0.2 to 0.5 mole percent of a cocatalyst present. The cocatalysts are generally described as acyclic compounds. Some cocatalysts have a tertiary nitrogen atom which has at least two activating groups such as carbonyls adjacent the nitrogen. Some of these compounds have structures which may be written	0
Phe Asp Pro Lys Lys His Lys Tyr Asp Ala Glu Tyr Tyr Ile Glu Asn	0
A cross-section of a base portion 3 c of the supporting pillar 3 a at the side of a main reflector 3 is set larger than a cross-section of a portion 3 d thereof at the side of a subsidiary reflector 3 . This can be achieved by inclining a surface of the supporting pillar 3 a opposed to the LED light source 4 .	0
The asphalt compositions described herein include one or more low molecular weight (LMW) polyolefins in amounts from about 0.5 to about 10 wt. %, based on the total weight of the asphalt composition. “Low Molecular Weight (LMW) polyolefin,” as this term is used herein, means a polyolefin-containing polymer, or a blend of two or more polyolefin-containing polymers, each of which has a weight average molecular weight (M w ) of from about 500 to about 20,000 Daltons, and comprises one or more olefinic monomers, where the olefinic monomers are selected from: ethene, propene, butene, hexene, and octene. Thus, the LMW polyolefins may be homopolymers comprising only a single type of olefin monomer, or copolymers comprising two or more types of olefin monomers. Furthermore, LMW polyolefins, as this term is used herein, include but are not limited to polyolefin waxes, i.e., polyolefins which are solid at or near room temperature and have low viscosity when above their melting point.	0
As disclosed in documents [1] and [2], three different types of valves are used currently.	0
Val Ser Gly Trp Gly Arg Val Phe His Lys Gly Arg Ser Ala Leu Val	0
For example, when the deviation between the heater core-blowout temperature TH and the heater core-blowout target temperature THO does not exceed a predetermined amount, a combination of the fourth TC control and the first TH control is executed.	0
The ratchets pawls 26 , 28 are preferably configured to allow the ball to pass upward through the ratchet and through the tool. One such method for allowing the ball to pass is show in FIGS. 3A and 3B. One or more of pawls may be configured in two parts, namely an outer arm 62 and an inner arm 64 attached by a spring and/or rotational arm 66 . The inner arm is configured to rest within a groove 24 . The outer arm extends into the inner chamber to activate the ratchet mechanism as the ball moves downwardly through the chamber 20 . This same interference between the ball and pawl causes the preferred activation of the ratchet in one direction but interferes with the free travel of the ball 32 in the other direction. Therefore, the pawl may need to collapse or otherwise get out of the way of an upward traveling ball.	0
Efficiency can also be measured, e.g., in a real-time PCR. The Ct value represents the number of cycles required to generate a detectable amount of DNA (a “detectable” amount of DNA is typically 2×, usually 5×, 10×, 100× or more above background). An efficient polymerase may be able to produce a detectable amount of DNA in a smaller number of cycles by more closely approaching the theoretical maximum amplification efficiency of PCR. Accordingly, a lower Ct value reflects a greater amplification efficiency for the enzyme.	0
With particular reference to the diagrammatic sketch of the FIG. 3, A is the so-called doffer cylinder, B the drawing apparatus of the web S discharged by the doffer. F shows schematically a carding machine driven by an electric motor Z, that by means of drive belts controls the so-called taker-in L. In the carding machines according to the prior art (FIG. 4) the motor Z also controls the doffer cylinder A which in turn is coupled to the feed roller X of the carding machine.	0
Surfynol® 465 is a nonionic surfactant that comprises two hydrophilic heads connected by a molecular segment and two hydro-phobic tails. Surfynor surfactants are formed by reacting various amounts of ethylene oxide with acetylenic diol. Triton® X-100 is a nonionic surfactant that has a hydrophilic polyethylene oxide group and a hydrocarbon lipophilic or hydrophobic group. Triton® X - 100 is formed from octylphenol polymerized with ethylene oxide and includes an average of 9.5 ethylene oxide units per molecule, with an average molecular weight of 625 g mol −1 . Tetronic® 90R4 is a tetrafunctional block copolymer surfactant with a terminal secondary hydroxyl group. Pluronic® 10R5 is a di-functional block copolymer surfactant with terminal secondary hydroxyl groups. Nanosperse AQ is a commercially available surfactant package that is a blend of anionic/nonionic dispersions. Polyvinyl alcohol is a water-soluble polymer	0
In another embodiment, the dark field illumination system of the barcode reader 1900 may include an optical substrate 811 (as shown in FIG. 8A). Illumination sources 813 a - b may project illumination 815 a - b into the optical substrate 811 from the side, and this illumination 815 a - b may be internally reflected within the substrate 811 and emitted as the dark field illumination 156 . In this embodiment, the entry angle (i.e., the angle at which the illumination sources 813 a - b project illumination 815 a - b into the optical substrate 811 ) is substantially perpendicular to the emission angle (i.e., the angle at which the dark field illumination 156 is emitted toward the first optical path 1906 a ).	0
A file is a hand tool for polishing or grinding a workpiece with uneven surfaces or edges. A conventional reciprocating file has a motor, an eccentric component, a helical gear, a reciprocating shaft, and a tool holder. The motor has a driving shaft. The eccentric component has a first shaft and a second shaft. The first shaft and the second shaft of the eccentric component are eccentric and extend toward two opposite directions. The helical gear is mounted on and around the first shaft of the eccentric component and contacts a front end of the driving shaft of the motor. The helical gear is driven by the front end of the driving shaft of the motor. The helical gear and the first shaft are able to rotate simultaneously. The reciprocating shaft has two opposite ends. One of the two opposite ends of the reciprocating shaft is mounted on and around the second shaft of the eccentric component. The tool holder is connected to the other opposite end of the reciprocating shaft. The tool holder is utilized for assembling a file blade.	0
Further an embodiment of the present invention provides an apparatus for co-gasification of two or more carbonaceous feedstock, said apparatus comprising: a first reactor ( 3 ), having a first feedstock inlet port ( 1 ), a oxygen or air inlet port ( 2 ), a steam inlet port ( 9 ), a ash removal port ( 7 ), and a solid recycle port ( 6 ); a first cyclone separator ( 5 ) connected to the first reactor ( 3 ) through a first cyclone separator inlet port ( 4 ); a moving bed reactor ( 16 ) in which the heated effluent is introduced radially, having a second feedstock inlet port ( 10 ), and a ash removal port ( 15 ), wherein the second reactor is connected to the first cyclone separator ( 5 ) through a gaseous inlet port ( 8 ); and a second cyclone separator ( 12 ), having a fine particles removal port ( 13 ), and an effluent port ( 14 ), wherein the second cyclone separator is connected to the second reactor through a second cyclone separator inlet port ( 11 ).	0
In the washing machine system of the embodiment, after the end of operation of the selected procedure, the water consumption generated by the operation this time is calculated, and transmitted to the cloud platform server via a network, then the cloud platform server transmits the data to the mobile terminal, and a display interface of the mobile terminal presents the data to the user or transmits the data to the user by means of a voice or the like.	0
U.S. Pat. No. 4,952,301 to Awbrey discloses using ethylenediamines, with the molecular formula NH sub 2 ( CH sub 2 CH sub 2 NH ) sub x H were x is an integer ranging from about 1 to about 10, to inhibit carbonyl based fouling, particularly aldehyde fouling, that often occurs during caustic scrubbing of liquid or gas phase hydrocarbon streams in the base wash unit. This patent similarly does not provide a solution to removal of carbonyl compounds and polymers thereof that remain unscavenged during the inhibition process, nor does it solve the problem of removal of already existing polymers.	0
Portion 3 was treated with 28.5 g of 0.1 wt % aqueous solution of Magnafloc 90 L under stirring and stirred for 40 minutes. The filtered solution contained 39 μg/g of organic bonded fluorine (−40%).	0
Additionally, when the slide table 14 is arranged on an upper part of the guide mechanism 16 , the second ball guide grooves 88 are formed at positions confronting the first ball guide grooves 60 , and the ball circulation grooves 80 are formed in facing relation to the upper surface of the cylinder main body 12 .	0
Leu Glu Ile Val Arg Arg Asp Trp Ser Glu Ile Ala Lys Glu Thr Gln	0
For example, as shown in FIG. 3B the one or more light sources 120 may be located along an edge of the back major surface 138 of the optical substrate 122 with the chamfered edge 125 reflecting illumination in a direction between the front major surface 140 and the back major surface 138 in a direction generally perpendicular to the optical axis 114 and generally towards the optical axis 114 .	0
BP is considered to be a significant carcinogen involved in lung cancer induction in smokers and, as is shown in this study, reactive oxygen species contribute substantially in the formation of the critical lung tumorigenic adduct. While it is both critical to prevent addiction to tobacco and to enhance the efficacy of smoking cessation and reduction programs, these approaches have had little impact. The prevention of the formation of BPDE-dG adduct is one approach which may lead to decreasing lung cancer risk in addicted smokers.	0
In block 810 , the inverse problem solver sets dose constraints. In some embodiments, the dose constraints are set automatically by the inverse problem solver based at least in part on biological, physical, geometrical, and/or physiological information. In some embodiments, the dose constraints are set according to input received from a user. For each dose grid point or voxel defined in block 805 , a dose constraint can be set by the inverse problem solver. In some embodiments, an upper dose constraint, lower dose constraint, or both is set for each dose grid point. In some embodiments, the dose constraints are grouped according to volumes and/or sub-volumes of interest. For example, the inverse problem solver can set dose constraints uniformly for dose grid points that fall within the same target sub-volume, target volume, organ at risk sub-volume, organ at risk volume, remaining volume, or other volume.	0
A lower portion 74 of the safety joint 30 (comprising the lower connector 50 , threads 56 , etc.) is left attached to the tubular string lower section 12 b . The lower portion 74 is configured internally for convenient “fishing” of the tubular string lower section 12 b.	0
The PFBCH may include 3 distributed uplink feedback mini-tiles (FMTS). The FMT may be defined by 2 contiguous subcarriers and 6 OFDM symbols. One resource unit including 18 subcarriers and 6 OFDM symbols may include 3 FFBCHs.	0
In some embodiments, the proton therapy system includes an improvement module for improving or optimizing proton treatment plans. As described more fully herein below, the improvement module can attempt to improve or optimize aspects of one or more proton treatment plans based at least in part on weighted sums of doses, min-max dose functions, Pareto optimality, or any combination of these. In some embodiments, the proton therapy system accepts input from a user to include in the improvement module. For example, the user can choose weighting factors to enhance certain aspects of a treatment plan, such as dose-sparing for normal tissue or increasing tumor control probability, or the weighting factors can be chosen to emphasize a balance between improving the tumor control probability and sparing normal tissue.	0
The numeral 16 in FIGS. 1 to 7B designates the latching portion, attached to the distal portion of the arm 13 so as to rotate about a pivotal shaft 14 . The rotation range of the latching portion 16 extends, as shown in FIGS. 5 to 7B, from the engaging position C to the retreated position S via the departing point R, where the latching portion 16 can reciprocatively rotate. 17 in FIGS. 4A to 5 designates a latching portion return spring that constantly biases the latching portion 16 in a direction toward the engaging position C from the retreated position S (direction of arrow 59 in FIG. 5), and is a coil spring. The latching portion return spring 17 is located in the gap of the arm 13 and around the outer circumference of the pivotal shaft 14 , as is apparent from the drawings, with an end portion engaged with a spring stopper 17 a and the other end portion with a spring stopper 17 b . 18 designates an operating arm to be engaged with an operating member 78 for causing the latching portion 16 to recede from the engaging position C to the retreated position S, and integrally formed with the latching portion 16 . 20 designates a stopper-engaging protrusion that delimits the movement of the latching portion 16 at the engaging position C, formed to be butted to a stopper 22 provided on the attachment 11 b at a position shown in FIGS. 5 and 6.	0
One of artificial base, 2,6-diaminopurine, could form base pairing with thymine by hydrogen bonding at position-6 of thymine. In order not to form base pairing 2,6-diaminopurine with thymine, two bulky methyl groups were introduced into the amino group at position-6 of 2,6-diaminopurine for colliding with this group and keto group of thymine at position-6 by steric hindrance, and synthesized to design 2-amino-6-(N,N-dimethylamino) purine (hereinafter a base of which is designated as X) of the formulae:	0
In the first embodiment, an adhesive holding portion that faces the through hole 5 f of the upper leaf spring 5 is formed of the recess 1 b that is recessed with respect to the mount surface 1 a . However, besides a recess, the adhesive holding portion may be a surface flush with the mount surface 1 a.	0
As described previously, the mounting fixtures 140 can be used for installing a variety of child support accessories on the stroller frame 102 . FIG. 9 is a schematic view illustrating an example of a child support accessory embodied as a detachable stroller seat module 200 . As shown, the construction of the stroller seat module 200 can comprise a seat 202 , a backrest frame 204 pivotally coupled with a rear of the seat 202 , and a footrest frame 206 pivotally coupled with a front end of the seat 202 . Left and right sides of the seat 202 can include vertically raised portions 208 that form two armrests of the seat 202 . Each of the raised portions 208 can include a lateral extension 208 A below which is affixed a connector 210 . When the stroller seat module 200 is to be installed on the stroller frame 102 , the two connectors 210 on the left and right sides of the stroller seat module 200 can respectively engage and lock with the two mounting fixtures 140 for holding the stroller seat module 200 on the stroller frame 102 .	0
FIG. 7 illustrates an illustrative positional relationship between the projector 100 according to this embodiment and the user. The projector 100 is installed in a room having an unillustrated wall and a door D. Reference numeral 702 denotes a user near the projector 100 in the room, reference numeral 703 denotes a user away from the projector 100 in the room by a distance of 3 m, and reference numeral 704 denotes a user outside the room through the door D and away from the projector by a distance of 10 m. The user 702 ( 703 , 704 ) carries a wireless LAN terminal 701 , and the wireless LAN terminal 701 periodically transmits a beacon signal to a variety of peripheral devices.	0
In the pulverization method, a toner composition containing a binder resin, a colorant and other toner base particle component is dry mixed with a mixing machine, and then melt-kneaded with a kneading machine. A kneaded material obtained by melt-kneading is cooled and solidified, and a solidified material is pulverized with a pulverizer. Thereafter, as necessary, particle size is adjusted by, for example, classification, and the toner base particles 2 are obtained.	0
In the present invention, as films which can be layered on the light diffusion film 8 a , it is possible to use the brightness enhancement film, the light reflection decrease film or a film consisting of the brightness enhancement film and the light reflection decrease film layered thereon.	0
Further, the composition of the invention may optionally contain an adhesion promoter; hydroquinone, 2,6-di-t-butyl-p-cresol, N,N-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine or like polymerization inhibitor; a rubber, a vinyl polymer, an unsaturated group-containing vinyl polymer or like particulate organic resin; a coloring pigment, an extender pigment and like pigment; a dye; cobalt oxide or like metal oxide; dibutyl phthalate, dioctyl phthalate, tricresyl phosphate, polyethylene glycol, polypropylene glycol or like plasticizer; an anti-cissing agent; a fluidity modifier; or the like.	0
Without further analysis, the foregoing will so fully reveal the gist of the present invention that others can by applying current knowledge readily adapt it for various applications without omitting features that, from the standpoint of prior art, fairly constitute essential characteristics of the generic or specific aspects of this invention and, therefore, such adaptations should and are intended to be comprehended within the meaning and range of equivalence of the following claims.	0
In one embodiment, the present invention provides a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two gonadotrophin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to three CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to four CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to five CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to six CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to seven CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to eight CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to nine CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor. In another embodiment, provided herein is a polypeptide consisting of a coagulation factor and two to ten CTPs attached to the carboxy terminus of the coagulation factor.	0
FIG. 4A illustrates the MALDI analysis of IFNα2b, FIG. 4B illustrates the MALDI analysis of IFNα2b[Tn], and FIG. 4C illustrates the MALDI analysis of IFNα2b[T-Ag]	0
CurrentWindows attribute 210 is a variable of type Vector that stores a list of windowManagmentObjects (WMOs) (not shown), each of which stores information relating to windows either displayed or minimized on a corresponding desktop. Types of information stored in a WMO includes, but is not limited to, an ID to uniquely identify the corresponding window, an application associated with the window, time information specifying the amount of elapsed time since the window and the window's corresponding application were last accessed, and configuration information including whether or not the window is exempt from the window management policies of DMT 118 . In this example, currentWindows 210 would include variables that store identifying and configuration information on the windows of desktop 106 (FIGS. 1-4), i.e. app_ 1 window_ 1 144 (FIGS. 2 and 3), app_ 1 window_ 2 146 (FIG. 2) and app_ 2 window_ 1 148 (FIGS. 2 and 4).	0
Step S 602 , the demand model module generates the attribute information of the terminal software control which is corresponding to the terminal software;	0
An example triggering rule can trigger display of a set of data records based on whether a knowledge panel is to be displayed in response to the search query. In some examples, a knowledge panel system can process the search query and can determine whether a knowledge panel is to be displayed. In some examples, the knowledge panel system can provide a signal to the search system and/or the data record system, the signal indicating that a knowledge panel is to be displayed.	0
The computing environment may execute computer-executable instructions, such as program modules. Generally, program modules may include routines, programs, objects, components, data structures, etc., that perform particular tasks or implement particular abstract data types. Embodiments may also be practiced in distributed computing environments where tasks are performed by remote processing devices that are linked through a communications network. In a distributed computing environment, program modules may be located in both local and remote computer storage media including memory storage devices.	0
FIG. 1 is a diagram illustrating a configuration of a system according to this embodiment. The system according to this embodiment illustrated in FIG. 1 includes a femto base station (micro-mini base station) 100 , wireless terminals (UEs: user equipments) 202 and 204 , macro base stations (outdoor base stations) 302 , 304 , and 306 .	0
There are various strategies proposed to discriminate between the situation that the target coincides with the shock wave focus, or does not.	0
The blown-in air is advantageously employed tempered to between 15 and 200.degree. C., in preferred method variations between room temperature and 45.degree. C. In further variations it is tempered to maximally 30 to maximally 10.degree. C. below the T.sub.G of the spun polymer.	0
In application, the inventive polyethylene composition may be used to manufacture shaped articles. Such articles may include, but are not limited to, rotational molded articles such as fuel tanks, furniture, tilt trucks, industrial containers, storage tanks, portable outhouses, modular bathrooms, telephone booths, boat hulls, garbage cans, light globes, ice buckets, appliance housings, toys, and the like. Different methods may be employed to manufacture such articles. Suitable conversion techniques include, but are not limited to, rotational molding process. Such techniques are generally well known.	0
A cross-section of the yarn of FIG. 6 is shown in FIG. 7. The conductive core is a silver-coated multifilament nylon yarn, such as is available under the trademark SHIELDEX from Swicofil AG Textile Services. The first insulation layer 42 is a dielectric screen printing paste available from E.I. DuPont de Nemours and Company. The paste fills the voids between the individual filaments 50 , such that the multifilament yarn behaves very much as a monofilament for coating with the electro-luminescent layer 44 . The electroluminescent layer comprises electro-luminescent phosphor, and suitable materials are phosphor inks produced by DuPont, and can be adapted to luminesce in different colors.	0
The extension 3 . 1 is received in a bearing-like manner in the through-bore C in the region of the width B 1 and B 3 . After a length L 1 , the extension 3 . 1 converges conically to a reduced diameter D 2 , with the result that it forms a peripheral groove E in the region of its end. To ensure that the groove is formed, the diameter of the extension 3 . 1 increases again. A cone point F is formed at the end of the extension 3 . 1 adjoining the peripheral groove E. This cone point includes a first region in which the diameter increases, and a second region in which the diameter is reduced to zero. This results in an end which tapers to a point or crown, and which facilitates the introduction of the closing element into the receptacles 10 and simultaneously serves for latching.	0
Modeling of Indenoisoquinolines. Indenoisoquinolines 12a and 12b were constructed in SYBYL. Hydrogens were added, and the ligands were minimized using either the MMFF94 force field with MMFF94 charges, or the Tripos force field with Gasteiger-Huckel charges. Each ligand (two per charge set, four total) was docked into the mutant crystal structure using GOLD 3.2 using default parameters and the coordinates defined by the crystal structure as described above. The top three poses for each ligand were examined, and both the normal (compounds 12a and 12b) and flipped (compound 12a only) ligands were merged into the crystal structure, and the entire complex was subsequently subjected to minimization using a standard Powell method, the MMFF94 force field and MMFF94s charges, a distance-dependant dielectric function, and a 0.05 kcal/mol*Å energy gradient convergence criterion. The ligand overlays in FIG. 2 were constructed by aligning the crystal structures of 1SC7 and 1SEU using the ‘Align Structures by Homology’ function with the alpha-carbons as the reference.	0
The reactive metal is preferably at least partially dissolved within a second metal, or mixture of metals. The metal into which the reactive metal is dissolved is referred to herein as the diluent metal. The diluent metal may also be reactive with steam, in which case it can be selected from the group of reactive metals disclosed hereinabove, provided that the diluent metal is less reactive than the reactive metal. Alternatively, the diluent metal can be selected from the metals wherein the oxygen partial pressure (pO 2 ) in equilibrium with the metal and oxides together is relatively high. These include nickel (Ni), copper (Cu), ruthenium (Ru), rhodium (Rh), palladium (Pd), silver (Ag), cadmium (Cd), rhenium (Re), osmium (Os), iridium (Ir), platinum (Pt), gold (Au), mercury, (Hg), lead (Pb), bismuth (Bi), selenium (Se) and tellurium (Te). More than one diluent metal can be utilized in the molten metal mixture. The diluent metal should not be a metal wherein the oxygen partial pressure in equilibrium with the metal and metal oxide together is extremely low.	0
Time division duplex (TDD) or frequency division duplex (FDD) may be applied to the frame. In the TDD, each subframe is used in uplink or downlink transmission at the same frequency and at a different time. That is, subframes included in a TDD frame are divided into an uplink subframe and a downlink subframe in the time domain. In the FDD, each subframe is used in uplink or downlink transmission at the same time and at a different frequency. That is, subframes included in an FDD frame are divided into an uplink subframe and a downlink subframe in the frequency domain. Uplink transmission and downlink transmission occupy different frequency bands and can be simultaneously performed.	0
The laser beam FB″ transmitted through the second stage beam splitter 40 B is totally reflected by the total reflection mirror in the final stage in a predetermined direction and enters as a third branched laser beam HC an end face of a third transmission fiber 46 C of the fiber transmission system 16 through a third injecting unit 42 C of the laser beam injecting unit 14 .	0
As part of the control of a system of transmitters (i.e., transmitter sites 120 of FIG. 1), LDC messages can be used to provide control data for remote transmitters, both as primary or back-up communication means. Two Way Low Frequency Time Transfer (TWLFTT) can be used to collect measurements at two or more transmitter sites at one (e.g., central) location for the calculation of the UTC timing offset between transmitter sites. The LDC can facilitate the exchange of such information, as well as the control action required to synchronize a remote transmitter to the eLoran system time. Control messages can be provided as a separate LDC type (with sub-types). LDC messages can have respective message types. The message type of a message can be prepended to the message or can be included in a header of the message. The data channel generator 206 can interface with the eLoran receiver 204 , the master timing reference 210 , and monitor and control unit 218 to acquire such information.	0
For example, a way of determining orientation of an object during printing relates to the energy beam path (e.g., as instructed by the controller(s)). For example, a change in a direction of a hatching path may result in a corresponding change in the orientation of the hatch(es) in or on the object. In some cases, the hatches are in a pattern (e.g., a checker board and/or stripe pattern) which may be visible by eye or using imaging techniques (e.g., microscope). In some instances, the object includes lines corresponding to borders between tessellations (which may correspond to geometric shapes used in computer modeling of the object and translated to the printing instruction of the object). Such patterns and/or tessellations may indicate the orientation of the layers of the object.	0
A linear light source using such a light guiding member is known, as disclosed, for example, in Japanese Patent No. 2900799. The patent discloses a structure in which an LED is arranged at an end portion of the light guiding member, radiation light from the LED enters the light guiding member so as to propagate inside the light guiding member, and furthermore, light that is reflected and diffused at a light diffusing unit, which is formed in the light guiding member, is emitted to a document face side.	0
Leu Glu Arg Val Ala Lys Tyr Ser Met Glu Asp Ala Lys Ala Ile Tyr	0
Asn Leu Ile Ala Val Leu Gly Glu His Asp Leu Ser Glu His Asp Gly	0
The second adsorption chamber 32 includes a substantially cylindrical housing 51 and, similarly as the first adsorption chamber 31 , activated charcoal filled in the housing 51 as an adsorbing agent for fuel vapor. To an upstream part of a side wall of the second adsorption chamber 32 is connected the chamber communication pipe 46 . The housing 51 of the second adsorption chamber 32 has a smaller volume than the housing 41 of the first adsorption chamber 31 . A side of the second adsorption chamber 32 adjoining the first adsorption chamber 31 is integrally formed with the filter box 33 . The housing 51 of the second adsorption chamber 32 and the filter box 33 are separated from each other by a partition wall 52 , and communication between them is afforded solely via a communication hole 52 a provided in the partition wall 52 .	0
In general, the various parts and components of deliquification pump 100 may be fabricated from any suitable material(s) including, without limitation, metals and metal alloys (e.g., aluminum, steel, inconel, etc.), non-metals (e.g., polymers, rubbers, ceramics, etc.), composites (e.g., carbon fiber and epoxy matrix composites, etc.), or combinations thereof. However, the components of pump 100 are preferably made from durable, corrosion resistant materials suitable for use in harsh downhole conditions such steel. Although deliquification pump 100 is described in the context of deliquifying gas producing wells, it should be appreciated that embodiments of deliquification pump 100 described herein may also be used in oil wells.	0
5′-terminal of the primer was labeled with 32 P using T4 polynucleotide kinase and [α- 32 P] ATP. Primer labeled with 32 P (0.5 μM) and template 1 and 3 (1 μM) and various dNTP (150 μM), wherein N means base, were used for primer extension by Klenow fragment (0.2 unit/μl) at 17° C. for 30 minutes.	0
FIG. 1 is a side view of a slipform paver without the conveying means,	0
FIG. 4 describes the relationship between the print data and print head.	0
FIG. 11 illustrates pathogen-resistant coating 905 A disposed on a first surface of substrate 101 , and pathogen-resistant coating 905 B disposed on a second surface of substrate 101 . In certain embodiments, Applicant's pathogen-resistant coating 905 A comprises a first plurality of polymers 900 and a second plurality of polymers 900 , wherein each of the first plurality of polymers 900 comprise a photocatalyst 910 in combination with singlet oxygen traps 920 and 930 , and each of the second plurality of polymers 900 comprise a photocatalyst 940 in combination with singlet oxygen traps 950 and 960 . In certain embodiments, Applicant's pathogen-resistant coating 905 B comprises a first plurality of polymers 900 and a second plurality of polymers 900 , wherein each of the first plurality of polymers 900 comprise a photocatalyst 1110 in combination with singlet oxygen traps 1120 and 1130 , and each of the second plurality of polymers 900 comprise a photocatalyst 1140 in combination with singlet oxygen traps 1150 and 1160 .	0
In a further preferred embodiment of the present invention, the request takes place as a reaction to a manual input, for instance. The manual input may be a stop command for a wind energy plant, which is given through the control unit of the wind energy plant. Before obeying the stop command, the wind energy plant makes a corresponding request to the wind farm control unit in this case and it performs the accompanying power reduction only after approval through the wind farm control unit. By doing so, it is achieved that even at plural manual stop commands given to different wind energy plants at the same time, no excessive power reduction of the wind farm occurs.	0
Colorless oily substance, 10% yield, >99% ee (CHIRALPAK IC, hexane/iPrOH 99.9:0.1); [α]D 24 +148.2° (c=0.91, CHCl 3 ); FTIR (neat): n=3063, 2957, 2907, 2860, 1572, 1470, 1435, 1414, 1383, 1315, 1250, 1190, 1155, 1115, 1053, 1024, 910, 847, 750, 696, 660 cm −1 ; 1 H NMR (CDCl 3 ): δ7.53-7.50 (dd, J=1.0, 7.9 Hz, 1H), 7.39-7.36 (dd, J=1.6, 7.6 Hz, 1H), 7.31-7.25 (m, 1H), 7.19-7.12 (m, 1H), 4.22-4.20 (d, J=5.3 Hz, 1H), 2.65-2.63 (d, J=5.3 Hz, 1H), −0.16 ppm (s, 9H); 13 C NMR (CDCl 3 ): δ137.8, 131.8, 129.0, 128.1, 127.0, 122.5, 58.1, 53.7, −2.3 ppm; Element analysis: calculated values of C 11 H 15 BrOSi (%): C, 48.71; H, 5.57; measured values: C, 48.92; H, 5.58.	0
Further, on one end of the table main body 50 , a holder portion 64 of the later-described stopper mechanism 18 is fixed by a pair of bolts 62 a . Further, on another end of the table main body 50 , an end plate is fixed thereto by another pair of bolts 62 b.	0
FIG. 3 depicts the high specificity of ASPE primers for specific alleles.	0
Apparatus 816 comprises an array of lenslets 820 - 1 , 820 - 2 , . . . 820 -N in a one-to-one relationship with the number N of the sub-images. Lenslets 820 - 1 , 820 - 2 , . . . 820 -N are interchangeably referred to hereafter, collectively, as lenslets 820 and, generically, as a lenslet 820 .	0
SimpleOS does not require an API because it does not allow the application to explicitly invoke its services. Instead, the SimpleOS operating system acts as a constant observer to the superstructure. When the application changes its superstructure, the operating system automatically invokes the services that are needed to perform the change in the outside world. When outside events occur, the operating system passes them down into the superstructure by manipulating data values inside and providing notification to the application. The superstructure completely replaces the explicit invocation of outside resources in an application.	0
As the third layer 106 expands in the thickness direction, the epoxy plugs 128 can eventually fail and allow the composite intumescent strip 100 to expand fully. If the plugs 128 are formed from a thermoset material, the plugs 128 may fail by charring and eventually decomposing when exposed to the heat source 120 . Alternatively, if the plugs 128 are formed from a thermosplastic material, the plugs may fail by melting.	0
FIG. 3 is a schematic diagram illustrating another exemplary fluid dispensing system according to another embodiment;	0
Such structure that enables the latching portion 16 to quickly move when getting disengaged from the engaging device 27 of the needle bar as well as when getting engaged again allows accurately engaging and disengaging the latching portion 16 and the engaging device 27 of the needle bar even though the needle bar 26 is made to vertically reciprocate faster than ever, and thus increasing the sewing speed and upgrading the sewing work efficiency.	0
In most cases, a facility that necessitates ozone treatment for degradation of anticancer agent flyoff, such as a safety cabinet or prescription laboratory, is not provided with a humidity control function. Therefore, changes in humidity cannot be avoided only by operating the humidifier, for example. That is, in an environment where humidity set-point control cannot be exercised properly, degradation treatment proceeds over a period of time at a humidity different from a humidity H corresponding to the CT setting. During this time period, if a low-humidity condition continues, the degradation treatment may be brought to an end even though an anticancer agent has not been degraded sufficiently. Furthermore, if a humidity in degradation treatment is higher than the humidity H corresponding to the CT setting, unduly much time will be spent on the degradation treatment, thus causing inefficient operation of a degradation apparatus and poor economy.	0
Ile Lys Glu Leu Arg Val Ile Glu Ser Gly Pro His Cys Glu Asn Ser	0
This application is a national stage entry under 35 U.S.C. § 371 of international application PCT/US98/24001, filed Nov. 10, 1998, which claimed benefit under 35 U.S.C. § 120 as a continuation-in-part of the following U.S. applications: U.S. Ser. No. 08/966,932, filed Nov. 10, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 08/967,148, filed Nov. 10, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 08/967,708, filed Nov. 10, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 08/967,403, filed Nov. 10, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 08/966,987, filed Nov. 10, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 08/976,741, filed Nov. 24, 1997; U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,762, filed Jun. 18, 1998; U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,631, filed Jun. 18, 1998; U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,521, filed Jun. 18, 1998; U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,763, filed Jun. 18, 1998; U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,529, filed Jun. 18, 1998; and U.S. Ser. No. 09/100,764, filed Jun. 18, 1998; and which claimed benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e) of U.S. provisional applications 60/089,581, filed Jun. 17, 1998, and U.S. provisional application 60/089,580, filed Jun. 17, 1998.	0
Hereinafter, the crystals were expressed as C, and when the crystals were further distinguishable, each of the crystals was expressed as C 1 or C 2 . The smectic phase or nematic phase was expressed as S or N. A liquid (isotropic) was expressed as I. When smectic A phase, smectic B phase, smectic C phase or smectic F phase was distinguishable among the smectic phases, the phases were expressed as S A , S B , S C or S F , respectively. As an expression of the phase transition temperature, for example, “C 50.0 N 100.0 I” means 50.0° C. in a phase transition temperature from the crystals to the nematic phase (CN), and 100.0° C. in a phase transition temperature from the nematic phase to the liquid (NI). A same rule applied to other expressions.	0
It can also be noticed from the table that the oxygen used was slightly lower than the stoichiometric oxygen for the combustion of the feedstock. Nevertheless, the optimal amount was almost 90% of the stiochiometric amount required. The optimal amount can vary (±10%) based on the type of feedstock, operating conditions used. Further, it is also clear from the table that the gas yield per unit oxygen consumption is significantly more for pet coke and low ash coal (high calorific value feedstock with low ash and high hydrogen content) than Indian coal and biomass (low calorific feedstock with high ash and low hydrogen content).	0
The language “positive displacement” is used herein to describe a technique using devices that move a known volume of material per unit operation as in per stroke, per index, or even per unit time. In certain embodiments, positive displacement devices are useful for accurate metering of fluids and solids.	0
Specifically, by viewing the moving image represented by FIG. 6A, the operator can confirm that there is no more label continuous body 3 on the holding shaft 14 of the print paper sheet feed unit 4 and a small rear end part of the label continuous body 3 is remaining in the printing unit 6 when the opening/closing cover 12 is opened.	0
The fibers, fibrous layers, and consolidated fibrous structures may be used for many purposes in many different applications that would be unavailable to fibers having a core and a first layer having only the first polymer. Having a first layer containing a first polymer and a second layer containing a second polymer allows for the same or better performance of the element or structure as fibers with only the first polymer, but processed at much lower temperatures, pressures, and/or dwell time conditions.	0
wherein the thermoplastic composite material satisfies the following conditions (1) to (5):	0
By definition, the tensile strength of a material is the maximum tensile stress, expressed in force per unit cross sectional area of specimen, which the specimen will withstand without breaking. For porous materials, the cross sectional area of solid polymer within the polymeric matrix is not the cross sectional area of the porous specimen, but is equivalent to the cross sectional area of the porous specimen multiplied by the fraction of solid polymer within that cross section. This fraction of polymer within the cross section is equivalent to the ratio of the density of the porous specimen itself divided by the density of the solid polymeric material which makes up the porous matrix. Thus, to compute matrix tensile strength of a porous specimen, one divides the maximum force required to break the sample by the cross sectional area of the porous sample, and then multiplies this quantity by the ratio of the density of the solid polymer divided by the density of the porous specimen. Equivalently, the matrix tensile strength is obtained by multiplying the tensile strength computed according to the above definition by the ratio of the density of the solid polymer to the porous product.	0
In this manner, the DPLA 200 of the present invention includes a clock signal CLK only within the AND-plane 202 without any clock signal in the OR-plane 204 . Instead of a clock signal, each of the enable units 2181 , 2182 , and so on to 218 n determines the respective output logical state of the OR-function outputs, OUT 1 , OUT 2 , and so on to OUTn, respectively. Such a DPLA 200 without a clock signal in the OR-plane 204 operates properly without a delay constraint between clock signals in both the AND-plane 202 and the OR-plane 204 . Thus, the DPLA 200 of the present invention may operate properly for higher frequencies than in the prior art.	0
In an embodiment the lubricant additive composition can be used either alone or in conjunction with an additional base oil to provide a lubricant. The base oil used to provide the lubricant additive composition may be the same or different than the additional base oil. Thus in an embodiment, the lubricant additive composition may comprise a first base oil, and the lubricant additive composition may be combined with a second base oil to provide a lubricant, wherein the first and second base oils are independently selected. The base oil is further disclosed above. In an embodiment, the lubricant additive composition can be combined with a synthetic or natural oil to provide an engine lubricant. A method of lubricating an engine includes contacting the lubricant additive composition with an engine to lubricate the engine. The lubricant additive composition may be suitable for use in an engine as a component of the motor oil. Also, the lubricant additive composition can be disposed on a surface, such as a surface of an axel or a bearing, to provide desirable lubricating properties.	0
The amplitude (or tipping capacity) of the lower scoop, defined by the angle alpha, is more preferably between 75° and 86°, and more preferably between 77° and 86°. The amplitude of the upper scoop (angle beta) is more preferably between 75 and 85°; and more preferably between 77° and 83°.	0
FIG. 2 depicts an overhead view of a derrick of the present invention in the fully tilted, horizontal position (not including pipe handling apparatus and top drive unit).	0
Accordingly, the invention includes stem regions from members of the galactosyltransferase family that can be fused to a catalytic domain of a galactosyltransferase to provide increased in vitro folding of the catalytic domain. Such stem regions can be readily determined based on amino acid sequence homology to the bovine stem region and tested for the ability to promote folding of a galactosyltransferase catalytic domain. The invention also includes the mutants disclosed herein and their corresponding analogs in other species.	0
It is also particularly advantageous if at least one embossing unit is located in an area where the dry content of the fibrous web is &#x3c;35%.	0
Phe Gly Gly Val Ser Ala Leu Ser Lys Gln Gln Phe Leu Ser Ile Asn	0
Further, whether the thawing is completed or not is determined according to the change rate of the dielectric coefficient of the object to be processed. Compared with the mode of determining whether the thawing is completed or not by sensing the temperature of the object to be processed in the prior art, the determining mode of the present invention is more accurate, and the object to be processed can be further prevented from being excessively thawed. Tests show is that the temperature of the object to be processed, thawed by the thawing device of the present invention, is generally −4 to −2° C. when the thawing is completed, and bloody water generated by thawing when the object to be processed is meat can be avoided.	0
As a second effect, the thinner wall of the valve seat body 16 will allow for a downward movement of the valve gasket 17 and sealing surface 18 during the delivery phase of the micropump, as shown in FIGS. 3A, 3B, and 5A. In this phase, fluid is pumped through the elastic valve seat 15 . Following known laws of hydrodynamics, a pressure drop occurs primarily across the narrower orifice 21 present in the valve seat gasket 17 . Therefore, a lower pressure is present in the channel 19 section of the valve seat body 16 with respect to the pump chamber 12 . As a consequence, the side walls of the valve body 16 will be laterally deformed inward and the valve gasket 17 and sealing surface 18 will be lowered, as shown in FIG. 7E. The results is an increased gap width g in , as explained above. Further, if the pump diaphragm 11 comes close to the valve gasket 17 , a local overpressure is generated in the small gap in between. This will also push the valve seat 15 downwards.	0
Asn Ser Tyr Glu Cys Trp Cys Pro Phe Gly Phe Glu Gly Lys Asn Cys	0
The steam is preferably injected into the reactor 602 through a submerged lance, as is discussed above. Injecting the steam through a submerged lance(s) provides good mixing and a high contact surface area between the steam and the molten metal to promote the metal oxidation reaction. As the injection velocity is increased toward sonic velocity, at some point there is a dramatic decrease in the size and increase in the number of bubbles; this emulsion-like condition and associated high surface area of contact favors approaching the theoretical conversion of steam to hydrogen. Reactor 602 provides for an egress of H 2 and un-reacted steam from the reactor, but otherwise is designed to contain the liquid alloy, slag and gases. Also, the reactor 602 may be placed under pressure to provide a sufficient contact time for the steam (to maximize H 2 production) and to facilitate the further downstream pressurization of the high H 2 syngas stream.	0
The chemical reaction in the causticizing process proceeds in two reaction steps. In the first reaction step, usually carried out in an atmospheric so called lime slaker, the burned lime consisting mostly of calcium oxide is slaked by the water content of the green liquor to form hydrated lime.	0
Relative directions in the embodiment will be defined as follows. The direction in which the pillar 12 extends is referred to as “upward” and the opposite direction is referred to as “downward.” The direction in which the arm 13 extends from the pillar 12 is referred to as “leftward” and the opposite direction is referred to as “rightward.” The direction perpendicular to the up-down direction and the right-left direction is referred to as “front-back direction.”	0
All polymer samples are precipitated in methanol, filtered, and purified by Soxhlet extractions utilizing successively methanol, acetone, hexanes, and chloroform and/or passing through a bed of celite. Hexanes and chloroform fractions are concentrated, re-precipitated in methanol, isolated via filtration, and analyzed by gel permeation chromatography (GPC) and NMR.	0
“Spatial parameters” for representing spatial information of a multi-channel audio signal include a channel level difference (CLD), an inter channel coherence (ICC), and a channel time difference (CTD). The CLD means an energy difference between two channels. The ICC means a correlation between two channels. The CTD means a time difference between two channels.	0
“Capacity of the RCV” means the internal volume available for the rubbish.	0
(2′S)-5,6-Dihydro-6-(2′,3′-dihydroxypropyl)-2,3-dimethoxy-5,11-dioxo-11H-indeno[1,2-c]isoquinoline (29). From lactone 28 (0.100 g, 0.324 mmol) and alcohol 20a (0.059 g, 0.628 mmol) in MeOH (30 mL), the general procedure was followed to afford the title compound as a red solid (0.051 g, 41%): mp 220-222° C. IR (KBr) 3402, 2965, 2928, 1697, 1632, 1479, 1429, 1396, 1263 cm −1 ; 1 H NMR (DMSO-d 6 ) δ 8.01 (s, 1H), 7.99 (d, J=7.8 Hz, 1H), 7.54-7.39 (m, 4H), 5.11 (d, J=5.1 Hz, 1H), 4.97-4.95 (m, 1H), 4.57-4.51 (m, 2H), 4.94-4.90 (m, 1H), 3.96 (s, 3H), 3.87 (s, 3H), 3.57-3.54 (m, 2H); ESIMS m/z (rel intensity) 382 (MH + , 100). Anal. Calcd. for C 21 H 19 NO 6 : C, 66.13; H, 5.02; N, 3.67. Found: C, 65.77; H, 5.10; N, 3.59.	0
Results are shown in FIGS. 7 A and B. As a result, Y was incorporated into complementary strands of A, G and X at 78%, 48% and 42%, respectively, and Y, C and T were incorporated into complementary strand of X, at 41%, 9.5% and 13%, respectively. (Refer to FIG. 7)	0
FIG. 8 is an oblique view of a second embodiment of a solar panel assembly, wherein the solar panel is able to be pivoted about both horizontal and vertical axes.	0
As noted above, stylesheets provide the mechanism for managing screen layouts on different devices. One of the properties that can be contained in a style is an area indicator that will give the exact width, height and location information for a particular GUI element.	0
The use of a spectral purity enhancement layer 104 has the advantage of high flexibility, because one can choose the number of spectral purity enhancement layers 104 (and therefore the losses) depending on the suppression that is required.	0
Referring initially to FIGS. 1 and 2, a combine, 10 , generally includes a forward unit or bogey, 12 , and a rearward unit or bogey, 14 . Forward unit 12 is seen to include a cab, 15 , in which the operator is seated, a cornhead or small grainhead, 16 , an engine compartment, 18 (two cooling fan air inlets shown in the drawings), and a powered non-steerable wheel pair, 20 . Rearward unit 14 is interconnected to forward unit 12 via a joint assembly, 22 , and clean grain is transferred from forward unit 12 to rearward unit 14 via a clean grain transfer assembly, 24 . Rearward unit 14 is seen to include a clean grain unloading assembly, 26 , in its stored position. Finally, rearward bogey 14 carries a grain bin, 28 , and is supported by a powered wheel pair, 30 . Providing the grain bin capacity only on rearward unit 14 translates into a lower center of gravity for grain bin 28 , which also enables higher storage capacity and provides more even weight distribution. Importantly, at about 1000-1200 bushel capacity of grain bin 28 , combine 10 could harvest, for example, a cornfield for one mile before unloading. Capacity in excess of requirement means that harvester 10 can harvest for even greater distances before unloading.	0
According to another feature of the invention, a filling yam feed and exchange arrangement, which can be operated by control chains, and which and is known per se, is arranged at the feed position of the filling yarns, through which arrangement a number of filling yams can be brought singly or several of them into the path of the lagging driver in a sequence which can be controlled as desired.	0
Accordingly, with reference to FIG. 1 e , during application, a group of roof profiles ( 80 ) is laid down so as to extend horizontally with respect to the ground between the front and rear of the ceiling; and the profiles at the end enter into the lower housing ( 104 ) of the eaves adaptor ( 100 ). Another group of roof profiles ( 80 ) is laid down so as to extend at a certain angle upwardly beginning from the upper housing ( 102 ) of the related eaves adaptor ( 100 ) on the front and rear edge of the ceiling; and they coincide with each other at the upper alignment of the middle point of the ceiling. With reference to FIG. 1 e , thus, horizontally and angled extending profiles are laid down so as to define an isosceles triangle like form; and thereby this defines the roof trusses ( 16 ). The roof profiles ( 80 ) are joined so as to be supported from bottom by a roof connection adaptor ( 90 a ) at the upper point. With reference to FIG. 10 a , said roof connection adaptor ( 90 a ) is used which has angled parts ( 93 ) comprising placement housings ( 92 ) wherein the related parts of the support profiles, extending in an angled manner in two sides, are placed. On the other hand, a support ( 140 ) extends orthogonally to the ground between said roof connection adaptor ( 90 a ) and the point where the horizontal support profiles, extending on the ceiling, coincide in the middle; and thus, the roof is supported from the top point. As a result, again with reference to FIG. 1 a , these processes are repeated and the roof trusses ( 16 ) are laid down on the ceiling.	0
FIG. 5 is a simplified diagram of the tube of FIG. 2 with a surface coating of chemicals used for targeting the probe to a particular structure;	0
Although the above invention has been illustrated and described, it is not limited to the specific relationship of parts and functions except as set forth in the following claims.	0
FIG. 24 is a sectional view of a mount structure of the chip resistor according to this embodiment. FIG. 25 is a plan view of the chip resistor mount structure shown in FIG. 24. FIG. 26 is a view (partially omitted) along lines XXVI-XXVI in FIG. 24.	0
In addition, the transmitter may transmit a carrier including the CIF configured in the processor 1030 to the receiver through the transmission (Tx) module 1050 .	0
FIG. 17 a depicts a schematic for controlling a powder dispersing device. Fuel flow requirements 1702 a are determined by the throttle position and the amount of gas flowing by the mass airflow sensor in consultation with inputs from an engine control computer 1704 a . In some embodiments, the engine control computer 1704 a is configured to optimize engine performance where the engine utilizes a plurality of fuels. Once the fuel flow requirements 1702 a are determined, a set point is communicated to the powder dispersing controls, which may receive additional inputs 1708 a and generate outputs 1710 a for related devices such as compressors, gated apertures, solenoids and the like.	0
The two-dimensional photonic crystal of the present invention that can be used as a thermal radiation light source includes:	0
As shown in FIGS. 2 and 6, lower jaw member 24 can support a staple cartridge 60 which is adapted to receive a plurality of surgical staples 61 (FIG. 17) arranged in at least two laterally spaced longitudinal rows. Staple cartridge 60 can be mounted at the front portion of lower jaw member 24 between its side walls 52 . Staple cartridge 60 can be divided longitudinally by a central, elongated slot 62 (FIG. 6) which extends from the proximal end of the cartridge toward its distal end. In various embodiments, a plurality of staple openings 64 formed in staple cartridge 60 can be arranged in two pairs of laterally spaced rows, with each pair of rows disposed on opposite sides of central longitudinal slot 62 . A plurality of surgical staples 61 (FIG. 17) can be mounted within openings 64 of cartridge 60 . As shown in FIG. 6, the staple openings 64 in adjacent rows can be staggered to provide more effective stapling of the tissue when the instrument is operated. Referring to FIGS. 15 and 16, staple cartridge 60 can include a pair of longitudinal slots 66 located on opposite sides of elongated central slot 62 and disposed between the staggered rows of openings 64 on each side of the central slot. Each longitudinal slot 66 can extend from the proximal end of cartridge 60 towards its distal end.	0
Information of distinction between DL CC and UL CC and information of the specified CC can be recognized through the CIF value according to an embodiment of the present invention, such that an additional field for indicating whether the corresponding DCI format is a downlink DCI or an uplink DCI may not be contained in the CIF.	0
In some embodiments, the 3D object portion comprises an anchorlessly suspended bottom skin layer (abbreviated herein as “ASBS” layer). The ASBS layer formation methodology may comprise (i) forming one PMX layer and (ii) densifying the PMX layer into a denser layer. In some embodiments, operations (i) and (ii) are performed using the same (e.g., type of) energy beam. In some embodiments, operations (i) and (ii) are performed using different (e.g., types of) energy beams. The ASBS layer formation methodology may further comprise densifying the denser layer at least once (e.g., as described herein regarding PMX structure densification). The PMX layer may be formed by any suitable methodologies mentioned herein. The ASBS layer formation methodology may comprise (i) forming one PMX layer and (ii) re-transforming the PMX layer (e.g., into a denser layer and/or into a layer comprising at least one different microstructure) to form a transformed PMX layer. The ASBS layer formation methodology may further comprise re-transforming the transformed PMX layer at least once (e.g., as described herein regarding PMX structure densification) to form a multi-transformed PMX layer. The formed layer of the 3D object may be floating anchorlessly within the material bed during its formation (e.g., 3D printing). For example, the PMX layer may be suspended anchorlessly in the material bed during its formation, during its transformation, or any combination thereof. The “bottom skin layer” as used herein comprises the first formed (hard) layer of a 3D object. The ASBS printing methodology may be used to form an anchorlessly floating bottom skin layer of the 3D object, which ASBS anchorlessly floats in the material bed during its 3D printing. The material bed may be devoid of a pressure gradient during the formation of the ASBS. The material bed may be at ambient temperature and/or pressure during the formation of the ASBS. The pre-transformed material in the material bed may be flowable during the formation of the ASBS. The ASBS may be (e,g substantially) planar. The ASBS may comprise a large radius of curvature (e.g., as disclosed herein). The height (e.g., thickness) of the ASBS may be larger than the average height of the subsequent layer of the 3D object. Larger may be by at least about 1.1 times (*), 1.2*, 1.3*, 1.4*, 1.5*, 1.6*, 1.7*, 1.8*, 1.9*, 2.0*, 2.2*, 2.5*, 2.8*, 3.0*, 3.2*, 3.4*, 3.5*, 3.8*, 4.0*, 4.2*, 4.4*, 4.6*, 4.8*, or 5.0* thicker than the average height of the succeeding layer of the 3D object. Larger may be between any range between the afore-mentioned values (e.g., from about 1.1* to about 5.0*, from about 1.2* to about 2.0*, from about 2.0* to about 4.0*, or from about 4.0* to about 5.0*) thicker than the average height of the succeeding layer of the 3D object.	0
FIG. 13 illustrates the hypergraph of FIG. 12 in which a new group of stages is added to the hypergraph of FIG. 7 in accordance with an embodiment of the present disclosure.	0
Asp Tyr Gly Ile Tyr Val Ile Asn Gln Ala Gly Asp Thr Met Phe Asn	0
Microparticulate β 3 -glucan particles have also been shown to enhance the host's immune system. See U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,223,491 and 5,576,015, the teachings of which are incorporated herein by reference in their entirety. Another form of β-glucan is neutral soluble β-glucans, which are prepared through a series of acid, alkaline and neutral treatment steps to yield a conformationally pure neutral soluble glucan preparation. The neutral soluble glucan preparation enhances a host's immune system but does not induce the production of IL-1 and TNF and thus does not cause inflammation. See U.S. Pat. No. 5,783,569, the teachings of which are incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.	0
In response to the ATC function of the network camera being turned on, at least one of a frame rate and bit rate of the image data transmitted from the network camera to the at least one client may be reduced.	0
In an ordinary video program, one video object set VOBS 82 can be composed of one video object VOB 83 . In this case, one video stream is completed with a single video object VOB 83 .	0
After the needling, the random fiber sheet is guided through calender rolls a first time. Differences in thickness are thereby equalized and a defined thickness and density are set.	0
In the manner described, inlet valve 520 and outlet valve 560 of upper valve assembly 500 control the flow of well fluids 15 into and out of section 121 a , and inlet valve 520 and outlet valve 560 of lower valve assembly 500 ′ control the flow of well fluids 15 into and out of section 125 a . Each valve 520 , 560 includes two poppet valve members adapted to move into and out of engagement with mating valve seats. Namely, inlet valve 520 includes poppet valve members 540 , 550 , and outlet valve 560 includes poppet valve members 580 , 590 . Valve members 540 , 550 are capable of operating independent of one another. Thus, valve member 540 may seat against valve seat 525 a even if valve member 550 is not seated against valve seat 525 b , and vice versa. Likewise, valve members 580 , 590 are capable of operating independent of one another. Thus, valve member 580 may seat against valve seat 563 even if valve member 590 is not seated against valve seat 561 b , and vice versa. Inclusion of multiple, serial, operationally independent valve members 540 , 550 in inlet valve 520 offers the potential to enhance the reliability and sealing of inlet valve 520 in harsh downhole conditions. For example, even if valve member 540 gets stuck in the opened position (e.g., solids get jammed between valve member 540 and seat 525 a ), valve member 550 can still sealingly engage valve seat 525 b , thereby closing inlet valve 520 . Likewise, inclusion of multiple, serial, operationally independent valve members 580 , 590 in outlet valve 560 offers the potential to enhance the reliability and sealing of inlet valve 560 in harsh downhole conditions. For example, even if valve member 590 gets stuck in the opened position (e.g., solids get jammed between valve member 590 and seat 561 b ), valve member 580 can still sealingly engage valve seat 563 , thereby closing outlet valve 560 .	0
In some exemplary embodiments, the whitewater solution includes a dispersion medium comprising water, mineral oil, and/or hexane. In some embodiments, the whitewater solution further includes a surfactant package, which may include one or more nonionic or ionic surfactants.	0
The invention relates to a cooling radiator, particularly to a radiator of a container of an active transformer part, where the cooling radiator has cooling elements through which cooling fluid heated in the active part flows from above, under the effect of gravity, through a primary manifold, downward to a secondary manifold, and the cooled fluid gets back into the transformer via the another secondary manifold, and at least one cooling radiator is set at a spacing from or directly on the transformer or its boiler.	0
The thermoplastic composite material preferably contains at least one or more of Na, K, ammonia and organic amine compounds, each of which is derived from the above-described basic substance.	0
As indicated above the reaction mixture comprises a polyether produced by a halide displacement process, a guanidinium catalyst, organic solvent or a mix of organic solvents, an alkali metal halide, an acid component, and an optional catalyst byproduct. Adsorption occurs at a temperature of 23° C. (room temperature) to 180° C. for a time greater than or equal to 20 seconds. The time for adsorption can be less than 2 hours. However, the invention is versatile and the time for adsorption can be less than substantially longer periods of time, e.g., 200 hours or more. In some embodiments the temperature is 23° C. to 150° C., or, more specifically, 80° C. to 130° C. In some embodiments the mixture is maintained at the desired temperature for 20 to 200 seconds. Generally the filtration temperature differs from the adsorption temperature by less than 10° C., or, more specifically, less than or equal to 5° C., or, even more specifically, less than or equal to 2° C. The filtration temperature refers to the temperature of the mixture when the separation process is begun.	0
Accordingly, the loop 40 and the hollow cylindrical end 38 , which are attached to the fastener assembly 32 , together, provide a means for securing the first end 14 a of the belt 14 to the fastener assembly 32 .	0
FIG. 1 shows two different views of a fluid pipe 2 , for example for hydraulic fluids, on which fluid pipe 2 apparatus 4 according to the invention is arranged. A first enveloping element 6 , implemented in the form of a hose, encloses the hydraulic fluid pipe 2 so as to be flush with it. The illustration shows that the first enveloping element 6 comprises a slit 10 that extends parallel to the longitudinal axis 8 of the hydraulic fluid pipe. The slit makes it possible to open the cross section of the first enveloping element 6 so that it may be laterally snapped onto the hydraulic fluid pipe 2 . The material of the first enveloping element 6 is preferably correspondingly flexible and elastic so that it automatically reverts to its enclosing shape after it has been bent apart in the region of the slit 10 .	0
Typically, extended wear or continuous wear contact lenses, which may be, for example, soft or RGP lenses, have sufficient oxygen permeability and other properties to permit the lens to be left in the eye during sleep yet still transfer sufficient oxygen from the tarsal conjunctiva to the cornea to maintain ocular health, despite atmospheric oxygen not being available due to the closed eye-lid.	0
FIGS. 124-126 illustrate exemplary aspects of the invention, and it is to be understood that the invention also encompasses various modifications of such aspects. For instance, the dopant types shown in the figures can be reversed relative to the shown aspects. Thus, all of the n-type regions can be converted to opposite conductivity (i.e. p-type) regions, and likewise the p-type regions can be converted to opposite-conductivity (i.e. n-type) regions.	0
The use of polyethylene compositions, such as linear low density polyethylenes and/or high density polyethylenes, in fabrication of rotational molded articles is generally known. Any conventional method, such as gas phase process, slurry process, solution process or high pressure process, may be employed to produce such polyethylene compositions.	0
FIGS. 8A-C are various schematic views of one of the segments of FIG. 7.	0
The polyethylene composition according to the instant invention has a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 7.50 to 400 g/10 minutes. All individual values and subranges from 7.50 to 400 g/10 minutes are included herein and disclosed herein; for example, the melt index (I 21 ) can be from a lower limit of 7.50, 10, 12, 15, 20, or 25 g/10 minutes, to an upper limit of 50, 100, 160, 200, 250, 300, 350, or 400 g/10 minutes. For example, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 7.50 to 350 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 10 to 350 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 12 to 300 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 15 to 250 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 20 to 200 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 25 to 160 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 25 to 200 g/10 minutes; or in the alternative, the polyethylene composition may have a melt index (I 21 ) in the range of 15 to 160 g/10 minutes.	0
Unlike the conventional method for manufacturing a chip resistor, this embodiment does not use a reel. Thus, the work of winding a strip of a resistive material or electrically conductive material around a reel is not necessary. Thus, the use of a large apparatus for winding a strip around a reel is also unnecessary. Since pulling the strip out of the reel is not necessary, the use of a large apparatus for pulling the strip out of the reel is also unnecessary.	0
a column mating portion having first and second expanses defining a corner, and a standoff portion extending from the corner, the standoff portion having a distal T-shaped structure, wherein the first expanse has an alignment structure adjacent a bottom end portion.	0
It is additionally preferable according to the present invention when the repeat groups 14 a , 14 b themselves are arranged offset relative to each other, more particularly in relation to the projection plane. It is thus possible according to the present invention for the repeat group 14 a and the repeat group 14 b to be arranged offset relative to each other such that the repeat group 14 a has an offset B, more particularly an at least essentially identical minimum offset B′, in the projection plane from the respectively closest repeat groups 14 b , as depicted in FIG. 4 b . In this context, the offset B here too relates to the projection plane onto the connecting line, not interrupted by the respective references, more particularly repeat groups, through the midpoints of said references, more particularly repeat groups, so that the “edge to edge” offset is again meant in relation to the spacing of the repeat groups 14 a and 14 b.	0
Chemokine receptors are G protein-coupled, seven-membrane-spanning proteins involved in leukocyte chemotaxis. (See, Baggioline, M., et al., “Interleukin-8 and Related Chemotactic Cytokines-CXC and CC Chemokines,” Adv. Immunol . 55:97-179 (1994); Gerard, N., et al., “the Pro-Inflammatory Seven-Transmembrane-Segment Receptors of the Leukocyte,” Curr. Opin. Immunol . 6:140-145 (1994); and Premack, B A., et al, “Chemokine Receptors: Gateways to Inflammation and Infection,” Nature Medicine 11:1174-1178 (1996)). Most laboratory-adapted HIV-1 viruses utilize a CXC chemokine receptor called CXCR4 (also called LESTR, HUMSTSR or fusin), while most macrophage-tropic primary HIV-1 viruses use the CC chemokine receptor CCR5 (see, Feng, Y., et al., Science 272:872-877 (1996); Choe, H., et al., Cell 85:1135-1148 (1996); Deng, H K., et al., Nature 381:661-666 (1996); Dragic, T., et al., Nature 381:667-673 (1996); Doranz, B J., et al., Cell 85:1149-1158 (1996); and Alkhatib, G., et al., Science 272:1955-1958 (1996)), and to an extent CCR3 or CCR2. Primary dual-tropic HIV-1 isolates use CCR5 as well as CXCR4. (See, Zhang, L., et al., Nature 383:768 (1996) and Connor, R., et al., J. Exp. Med . 185:21-628 (1997)). The macrophage-tropic primary viruses are those most often transmitted from infected to uninfected individuals, and predominate during the long, asymptomatic phase of infection. (See, Cheng-Mayer, C., et al., Science 240:80-82; Zhu, T., et al., Science 261:1179-1181 (1993); Fenyo, E., J. Virol . 62:4414-4419 (1988); Schuitemaker, H., et al., J. Virol . 66:1354-1360 (1991); and Connor, R I., et al., J. Virol . 67:1772-1778 (1993)). The importance of CCR5 for HIV-1 transmission is underscored by the observation that humans with homozygous defects in CCR5 are relatively resistant to HIV-1 infection. (See, Liu, R., et al., Cell 86:367-378 (1996); Samson, M., et al., Nature 10 382:722-725 (1996); and Dean M., et al., Science 273:1856-1862 (1996)). CCR5 is used as a corrector by almost all primary HIV-1 isolates regardless of geographic clade, and is used by the related human and primate immunodeficiency viruses, HIV-2 and simian immunodeficiency virus, SIV. (See, Marcon, L., et al., J. Virol 71:2522-2527 (1997); Chen, Z., et al., J Virol . 71:2705-2714 (1997); and Cocchi, F., et al., Science 270:1811-1815 (1995)). This suggests that at least part of the viral binding site for CCR5 is well-conserved among these immunodeficiency viruses. While these gp 120 structures are under investigation and have yet to be completely defined, mutagenic studies have suggested that elements of the V3 loop may constitute part of the chemokine receptor binding site. Genetic studies of viruses with chimeric HIV-1 envelope glycoproteins containing different V3 loops demonstrated that the gp 120 V3 region is a major determinant of which chemokine receptor, CCRS or CXCR4, can be used as an,entry cofactor. (See, Cocchi, F., et al., Nature med ., 2:1244-1247 (1996); and Speck, R., et al., J. Virol . (in press)). Thus, even in the relatively variable background of the V3 domain, there may exist conserved structural features that collaborate with other conserved gp 120 structures to create a high-affinity binding site for CCR5.	0
In another example, the system 10 determines from the vehicle location that the vehicle has entered a tunnel whose location information is saved on a map or otherwise in memory as a headlight operating location. Responsive to this determination, the headlights are activated to enhance the visibility of the vehicle to other vehicles in the tunnel.	0
The polyanionic polymers may be added simultaneously with the polycationic polymers or subsequently to it. The polyanionic polymers may have a molecular weight (number average M n of from at least about 5,000, 10,000, 50,000, 100,000, 300,000 or at least about 500,000 g/mol.	0
An upper portion 41 of the outer housing 4 of the crusher is formed with a step portion 42 larger in diameter than a lower portion of the outer housing so that a protective layer 43 for a stator is formed in the outer housing 4 while being agglomerated with the target objects in an inclined shape. Also, an upper cover 5 covers the upper portion of the outer housing 4 , and a hopper 6 is coupled at the center of the upper cover 5 .	0
In a preferred embodiment according to the present invention the wax phase contains one or more fatty acid glycerides selected from the mono-, di- or triesters from glycerine, or a mixture thereof.	0
After constructing the liquid crystal cell, the polarizing plate (HP-01) was bonded thereto as shown in FIG. 1 to give a liquid crystal display device. Namely, an upper polarizing plate, the VA mode liquid crystal cell (comprising the upper substrate, the liquid crystal layer and the lower substrate), and the lower polarizing plate were laminated in this order from the viewing side (top). Further, a backlight source was provided. In the following example, the polarizing plate of the invention was employed as the upper polarizing plate while the marketed polarizing plate (HLC2-5618) was employed as the lower polarizing plate. Thus, a liquid crystal display device A-1 was constructed.	0
Thomas L. Sherer, Richmond, and Ralph G. Flowers, Pittsfield, Mass., assignors to General Electric Company, a corporation of New York	0
FIG. 2 is a diagram showing a principal hardware configuration of an optical transceiver in the first embodiment.	0
A network control microcomputer 202 processes the data signal received from a wireless LAN module 221 that supports the wireless communication using WiFi Aware or the like, and converts it into a signal that can be processed by the projector control microcomputer 203 .	0
The resistivities of the carbon materials on different substrates are compared in Table 4. The materials include graphite and carbon phases on the various oxides. Since carbon is conductive and silica is not, we expect that those materials with a lower fraction of silica covered by carbon will have higher resistivity due to less continuous carbon layers.	0
FIG. 2 depicts the high specificity of PCR primers used for multiplex amplification of SNPs associated with thrombosis.	0
Returning to FIG. 19, engine oil may be used to lubricate various engine components within engine 1904 , such as pistons, bearings which allow rotation of a crankshaft and camshaft, or the like. Before oil is routed to the various engine components, the engine oil may first pass through an oil filter to remove contaminants such as dirt, carbon, and metallic particles. In this way, engine degradation from abrasive wear between particles and engine components may be reduced.	0
Thus, with this embodiment, the air bubbles in the pressure chambers 6 of the bend-mode edge-shooter type liquid ejection head 1 including two-dimensionally arranged pressure chambers 6 can effectively be removed and hence any possible increase of viscosity of the liquid located at and near the ejection ports 3 can be suppressed.	0
The coupling arrangement of the invention also can include a retaining member 46 , as best seen in FIG. 2, that is adapted to be affixed to the sleeve 32 and the at least one latching element 38 . By affixing the retaining member 46 to the sleeve 32 and the at least one latching element 38 , the at least one latching element is prevented from becoming disengaged from the at least one first locking element 28 located in the male end 16 of the first segmented section 4 and the at least one second locking element 30 located in the female end 18 of the second segmented section 6 .	0
FIG. 3 is a schematic view illustrating an example of a recording mark generated when groove recording is performed in the optical recording medium according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention;	0
In the above embodiment, while the top loading washing machine has been exemplarily described, the present invention can be applied to a front loading washing machine.	0
FIG. 1 is an overall view of a combination machining lathe according to an exemplary embodiment of the present invention;	0
In a succeeding substep 113 of the cycle of SCCC decoding, the turbo decoding memory is updated by the soft Z-sub-1 bits resulting from the substep 112 of decoding the inner convolutional coding of the SCCC.	0
In another embodiment, described herein is the compound as in any of the preceding embodiments wherein R D represents two adjacent substituents that are taken together with the attached carbons to form an optionally substituted heterocycle.	0
On the other hand, if the propagation delay time tn is equal to or larger than the threshold Ta in S 606 or if the user 504 is 10 m or more away from the projector 100 , the microcomputer 203 returns to S 602 and repeats the processing up to S 606 again.	0
Illustrative routes of oral administration include tablets, capsules, elixirs, syrups, and the like.	0
A known canister comprises a canister casing defining a first adsorption chamber filled with activated charcoal for adsorbing fuel vapor introduced from an inlet port and a second adsorption chamber provided in parallel with the first adsorption chamber and filled with activated charcoal for adsorbing vapor fuel released from the first adsorption chamber. A first space is defined in a part of the second adsorption chamber on the side of the inlet port, and a second space is defined in parallel with the first and second adsorption chambers such that the length of the second space as measured along the direction directed toward the inlet portion is longer than that of the second adsorption chamber, and a communication hole is formed in a wall separating the first space and second space from each other to communicate the first and second chambers to each other. The canister casing is formed with an atmospheric port for communicating the atmosphere with the second space, and is provided with a filter for preventing the intrusion of foreign matters into the second space. See patent document 2.	0
As detailed below, we have shown that pre-treatment with selective neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists in combination with an anti-inflammatory compound, immunosuppressor agent, or kinase inhibitor has a synergistic effect that surpasses the effect of each compound used alone in repressing or reducing metachromatic cell activation and degranulation. The combination of neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists with anti-inflammatory agent, immunosuppressor agent, or kinase inhibitors is therefore useful in the treatment of diseases, syndromes, and disorders related to metachromatic cell activation and degranulation.	0
FIG. 5 is a simplified elevation view of a fluid catalytic cracking system illustrating a catalyst metering system in accordance with another embodiment of the present invention;	0
FIGS. 2A and 2B illustrate example dose profiles for photon and proton therapies, where protons can be configured to provide a more selective dose delivery in a desired region being targeted.	0
IFNα2b[Tn] was converted in to IFNα2b[T-Ag] in 1 mL reactions containing 2.5 mg of IFNα2b[Tn], 10 mM MnCl 2 , 1 mM DTT, 2 mM UDP-Gal, 50 mM NaCl, in 50 mM NaOAc pH 6.0 and 5 mU of purified CJL-136.	0
The radical polymerization inhibitor is preferably selected from the group consisting of compounds having two or more phenolic hydroxyl groups, compounds having at least one aromatic ring substituted with at least one imino group, cyclic compounds partially substituted with at least one imino group, hindered amine compounds, and mixtures thereof. More specifically, the radical polymerization inhibitor is selected from the group consisting of monomethyl ether hydroquinone (MEHQ), bis-(1-octyloxy-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)sebacate (TINUVIN 123), 1-(methyl)-8-(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidinyl)sebacate (TINUVIN 292), aluminum-nitrosophenylhydroxylamine (Q1301), butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT), phenothiazine, hydroquinone, methoxyquinone, 1,4-phenylenediamine, derivatives thereof, and mixtures thereof.	0
The results of this process are summarized in Table 2. Afterwards, the antibody was recrystallized by adjusting the pH to 6.8. For analysis, the recrystallized antibody crystals were separated by centrifugation (3200 rcf, 20 minutes) and dissolved in 10 mM histidine buffer.	0
In various aspects, rotatable heating member 1160 is a belt that is transported around a belt path. In an example, rotatable heating member 1160 is entrained around two rollers and the belt path passes around those rollers and along an approximately straight line between them. Axis 1116 passes through an interior of the belt path, e.g., between the two rollers. In various aspects, a backing member 1180 presses moistened medium 42 against the outer surface 1168 of the liquid-blocking layer 1165 of rotatable heating member 1160 . Backing member 1180 can be a shoe, belt, drum, wedge, piston, or other device for pressing.	0
Moreover, a sample of ETP monoethanolamine salt Form D stored on a XRPD silicon holder was exposed in a climatic chamber. It is worth noting that these stability conditions are harsher than standard stability conditions due to the high surface of exposition of the solid stored on the XRPD silicon holder. The samples were periodically analysed by XRPD to observe possible crystalline transformation.	0
With reference to FIG. 1, the image forming method and the image forming apparatus in the case of using the toner according to the present invention as a binary developing agent are described here. FIG. 1 shows an example of an image forming apparatus 11 , performing image formation using the toner according to the present invention. The image forming apparatus 11 is called a tandem type color image forming apparatus.	0
FIG. 20 illustrates setting up process runs using the new group of stages defined in the hypergraph of FIGS. 13 and 14 in accordance with an embodiment of the present disclosure.	0
This application claims the priority date of U.S. Provisional Applications 61/009,972, filed Jan. 3, 2008, and 61/082,931, filed Jul. 23, 2008. These priority applications are incorporated herein in their entirety by this reference.	0
Accordingly, in a first aspect, the invention provides a joist hanger which comprises first and second side flanges, a seat, at least one back flange and at least one bottom flange; wherein the seat is provided between the first and second side flanges to form a stirrup for supporting a first joist; a back flange adjoins at least one of the side flanges in a plane approximately perpendicular to planes including the adjoining side flange and the seat; a bottom flange adjoins the back flange proximal to the seat and in a plane approximately parallel to a plane including the seat; and the back flange and the bottom flange form a bracket for abutting a lower surface and a side surface of a second joist.	0
FIG. 4(a) is a perspective view of the floor socket;	0
In an embodiment, the metal dialkyldithiocarbamate is a lead dialkyldithiocarbamate of Formula 6:	0
Due to the cost associated with the frame buffer, it is important to avoid the need of large frame buffer size for decoding multiple slices in parallel. Therefore, it is preferred to pack the bitstreams from the multiple slices into interleaved segments. FIG. 2A illustrates an example of the streams generated from compressing an image frame which is split into slice 0 and slice 1 . The compressor encodes the image frame to generate a slice 0 stream and a slice 1 stream. The two streams are buffered into fixed size packets to form interleaved segments with each packet stores one segment. In the conventional approach, one or more stream buffers are used to store the complete slice 0 stream and slice 1 stream as shown in FIG. 2A. If the interleaved stream is desirable, the slice 0 stream and slice 1 stream are further segmented into smaller slice 0 packets and slice 1 packets. The slice 0 packets and slice 1 packets are then interleaved to form a desired interleaved stream.	0
When in operation, the milling cutter 2 rotates about the axial direction 4 , which at the same time defines a center axis, in the direction of rotation 17 indicated in FIG. 1.	0
The environmental oriented face 104 and the patient oriented face 106 may be the same type of material or may be different. Both faces 104 and 106 may comprise a flexible textile that is preferably capable of stretching to conform to an externally applied force which can, thus, minimize or even prevent an accompanying increase in interface pressure. The textile may also recover from such aforementioned stretch, returning to its original condition and shape. In some preferred embodiments, the textile is configured to have a low friction surface that reduces shear when laterally shifted in relation to an interfacing surface. In some preferred embodiments, the textile is hypoallergenic, biocompatible, and non-irritating. By way of a non-limiting example, the textile may be Recovery 5™ Healthcare Fabric or preferably Recovery 5™ HF Healthcare Fabric (Staftex Textiles Limited, Toronto, Canada).	0
FIG. 3 is a diagram for describing communication between a network camera and a client, according to an exemplary embodiment; and	0
In another embodiment, the cathode in the lithium ion battery disclosed herein comprises a cathode active material exhibiting greater than 30 mAh/g capacity in the potential range greater than 4.6 V versus a Li/Li + reference electrode. One example of such a cathode is a stabilized manganese cathode comprising a lithium-containing manganese composite oxide having a spinel structure as cathode active material. The lithium-containing manganese composite oxide in a cathode suitable for use herein comprises oxides of the formula Li x Ni y M z Mn 2-y-z O 4-d , wherein x is 0.03 to 1.0; x changes in accordance with release and uptake of lithium ions and electrons during charge and discharge; y is 0.3 to 0.6; M comprises one or more of Cr, Fe, Co, Li, Al, Ga, Nb, Mo, Ti, Zr, Mg, Zn, V, and Cu; z is 0.01 to 0.18; and d is 0 to 0.3. In one embodiment in the above formula, y is 0.38 to 0.48, z is 0.03 to 0.12, and d is 0 to 0.1. In one embodiment in the above formula, M is one or more of Li, Cr, Fe, Co and Ga. Stabilized manganese cathodes may also comprise spinel-layered composites which contain a manganese-containing spinel component and a lithium rich layered structure, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 7,303,840.	0
As described in, for example, JP-A-2006-58668, a personal computer (PC) may transmit image information on an image, which is displayed on the PC, to a projector over a network, and the projector may display the same image as the image displayed on the PC. By the way, a projector having a mute designation function for tentatively ceasing display of an image is available (refer to, for example, JP-A-2006-58668 and JP-A-2003-280087).	0
In this document, the term ‘removably coupled’ or ‘removably couplable’ is used to mean that two or more elements of the system, such as the heat diffuser and the device, or the article and the device, may be coupled and uncoupled from one another without significantly damaging either element. For example, the article may be removed from the device when the aerosol-forming substrate has been consumed. The heat diffuser may be disposable. The heat diffuser may also be reusable.	0
Ser Thr Leu Thr Leu Ser Lys Ala Asp Tyr Glu Lys His Lys Val Tyr	0
“Percent (%) amino acid sequence identity” with respect to a reference polypeptide sequence is defined as the percentage of amino acid residues in a candidate sequence that are identical with the amino acid residues in the reference polypeptide sequence, after aligning the sequences and introducing gaps, if necessary, to achieve the maximum percent sequence identity, and not considering any conservative substitutions as part of the sequence identity. Alignment for purposes of determining percent amino acid sequence identity can be achieved in various ways that are within the skill in the art, for instance, using publicly available computer software such as BLAST, BLAST-2, ALIGN or Megalign (DNASTAR) software. Those skilled in the art can determine appropriate parameters for aligning sequences, including any algorithms needed to achieve maximal alignment over the full length of the sequences being compared. For purposes herein, however, % amino acid sequence identity values are generated using the sequence comparison computer program ALIGN-2. The ALIGN-2 sequence comparison computer program was authored by Genentech, Inc., and the source code has been filed with user documentation in the U.S. Copyright Office, Washington D.C., 20559, where it is registered under U.S. Copyright Registration No. TXU510087. The ALIGN-2 program is publicly available from Genentech, Inc., South San Francisco, Calif., or may be compiled from the source code. The ALIGN-2 program should be compiled for use on a UNIX operating system, including digital UNIX V4.0D. All sequence comparison parameters are set by the ALIGN-2 program and do not vary.	0
In yet still another additional embodiment of the invention, the input device includes at least one button.	0
Additionally, the conventional static deflectors generally are not capable of withstanding repeated strikes without either wearing away or breaking. If the deflector wears away or breaks, the washer's gasket eventually may become compromised or damaged, thereby resulting in leaks and possibly damage to the washer, as well as damage to the user's premises, such as water damage. This may increase the operating and maintenance costs incurred by the user and also may reduce the overall lifespan of the washer.	0
It is noted that like reference characters designate like or similar parts throughout the drawings. The figures or drawings are not intended to be to scale. For example, purely for the sake of greater clarity in the drawings, wall thicknesses and relative dimensions are distorted from those in the actual embodiments.	0
This test series shows that a further improvement in the protective function against chemical poison and/or warfare agent materials results on spacing the perforations in the aforementioned manner as a function of the thickness of the adsorptive filtering material of the present invention. The results altogether document the outstanding protective function of the adsorptive filtering material of the present invention compared with the prior art.	0
FIG. 15A is a side view of a dynamic deflector according to an exemplary embodiment of the invention; and	0
When the plurality of connected cardboard box bodies B 0 are cut into the plurality of cardboard boxes B 1 and B 2 , the lifting/lowering device 127 operates from time t 17 to t 20 and the plurality of cardboard boxes B 1 and B 2 are lifted as illustrated in FIGS. 17 and 23. At this time, the left side portion alignment device 175 and the right side portion alignment device 176 operate (paper alignment release) from time t 17 to t 18 and move to the standby position separated from the cardboard boxes B 1 and B 2 . In addition, the upstream side positioning member 161 and the downstream side positioning member 162 ascend from time t 17 to t 20 . The upstream side positioning member 161 moves to the upstream side in the transport direction Da from time t 17 to t 21 .	0
If the first audio content CAD 1 , which is broadcast by the two loudspeakers HPG and HPD, is now taken into account, the listener AUDT 1 , who is not partially-sighted, normally perceives this content CAD 1 without being disturbed by the audiodescription of the televisual program, while the listener AUDT 2 , who is partially sighted, hears the audio content CAD 1 as well as the audiodescription of the program which is currently being broadcast by the television.	0
As can be seen especially also in FIG. 3 at least one catch pan 46 is provided in the area of the outfeed nip 44 which is formed between the forming roll 36 and the structured fabric 38 coming off it for water, fibers, fines and/or similar substances occurring in the area of this outfeed nip 44 .	0
FIG. 3 is a diagram illustrating a method for driving an X-ray detector in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention.	0
The present invention relates to a method for detecting a failure of at least one sensor on board an aircraft including measuring a vertical acceleration, measuring a pressure altitude and implementing a baro-inertial loop in a computer.	0
In many types of useage of chloroacetyl chloride, a dichloroacetyl chloride content of more than 0.5 percent by weight is disturbing. The known separation processes, for example, that of U.S. Pat. No. 3,763,023, are not capable of producing such pure products and a step-by-step achievement of the required values, for example, according to German Pat. No. 2,313,405, would be achievable (if it were possible at all) only with great loss of chloroacetyl chloride.	0
In Formula (6), the C 1 to C 6 alkyl groups represented by D 1 , D 2 and D 3 each may be methyl, ethyl, propyl or the like. The alkylene or substituted alkylene group formed by D 1 and D 3 to constitute an alicyclic structure may be, for example, heptylene or the like. An example of the aryl group represented by D 2 is phenyl or the like.	0
FIG. 2 shows a further embodiment of a magnetic mounting 21 according to the invention. Here, too, the rotor shaft 22 has provided on it a first bearing part 23 including a plurality of permanent-magnetic elements 25 arranged on a tube-like carrier 24 and having intermediate flux guide elements 26 , the tube-like carrier 24 having provided on it a chamber which is filled with an insulating material 27 and via which a passage of heat from the rotor shaft, which is at room temperature, to the permanent-magnetic elements and the flux guide elements is avoided. The first bearing part 1 has, furthermore, a foam insulation 28 on both sides.	0
Suppose further, that a server silo is first being created. A server silo object may be created. Then a server silo private name space may be created. When creating the name space for the server silo, one or more of three options may be available. The server silo may share the system name space with full access (i.e., RW (read-write) access); the server silo may share the system name space with restricted access (i.e., RO (read-only) access), or the server silo may be provided with a private version of the name space. In some embodiments of the invention, the private version of the server silo name space is populated by making a copy of the system name space. Modifications may subsequently be made to the copy. Thus, a name space for the silo may be created, either by creating empty directories or by making copies of one or more of the system directories, such as, for example: C:\SILOS\SILO&#x3c;SILONAME>\WINDOWS\SYSTEM 32\ CONFIG LOGS DRIVERS \SILOS\SILO&#x3c;SILONAME>\USERS	0
In one embodiment, the colorant can be a stain, which tends to be a dye with selective uptake into an article being colored. For example, when the article of manufacture includes a wood product, the colorant can be a stain that stains the wood as the term is traditionally understood. Typically, stained objects get darker by retaining more of the colorant. Wood stains intensify the visibility of the wood's grain. Biological stains selectively color certain substances for viewing in the microscope.	0
For asphalt roofing shingles, asphalt based adhesives may be used to adhere multiple shingle pieces into a single piece to produce a laminate shingle, such as at a shingle manufacturing plant. Asphalt based adhesives are also applied to shingle tab surface which can be thermally activated by sunlight or ambient temperature on a roof to form an adhesive seal. The asphalt based adhesive should have good adhesion during installation, and it should maintain its adhesion performance over time. Many currently available asphalt based adhesives have limited adhesion during installation such that a shingle will delaminate. Furthermore, a shingle with current asphalt based adhesives and/or sealants may fail to properly form a seal on a roof deck, so the roof may leak or the shingle may delaminate during a wind storm or during other stress periods. Furthermore, hot summer periods tend to cause reduced adhesion for many current asphalt based adhesives. The adhesion also tends to drop dramatically over time, especially when exposed to alternating hot and cold periods typically experienced by roofing materials.	0
FIG. 1D shows that in some embodiments, the heating control storage tank will be configured with a plurality of internal baffles. These internal baffles, although water permeable, are configured to reduce fluid convection between the hotter end and the colder end of the heating control storage tank, thus enhancing the temperature stratification between these two ends.	0
The operation and advantages of the workpiece cloth positioning guide device will be described. Light is irradiated on the reference needle drop point P from obliquely above so that the sewing reference mark M is projected onto the upper side of the workpiece W. The projected mark M includes the circle Ma having a center corresponding with the needle drop point P. Accordingly, as shown in FIGS. 10 to 12, the operator can reliably position the workpiece cloth W in sewing so that the outer circumference of the circle Ma of the sewing reference mark M is adjacent to the stitches Se previously formed on the workpiece cloth W (preformed stitches Se). Accordingly, when the workpiece cloth W is manually fed so that the workpiece cloth W is maintained in the positioned state, the stitches S can be formed readily and reliably with a predetermined stitch interval (a radius of the circle Ma) from the edge of the workpiece cloth W of various shapes including a curved shape.	0
FIG. 26 is a view illustrating the location of a heating source solution heat exchanger in the reverse flow patterns of solution in the two-stage absorption heat pump according to the present invention.	0
An exemplary advantage of the PCE 22 and the PCC 24 is that the PCE 24 enables outside clients to obtain optimal paths in the network 20 without having to know the full topology and the like of the network 20 . To perform path computations, the PCE 22 stores the network 20 topology and resource information in a database. To request path computation services to a PCE, RFC 5440 defines the PCE Communication Protocol (PCEP) for communications between the PCC 24 and the PCE 22 , or between two PCEs. The PCC 24 can initiate a path computation request to the PCE 22 through a Path Computation Request (PCReq) message, and then the PCE 22 will return the computed route to the requesting PCC 24 in response to a previously received PCReq message through a PCEP Path Computation Reply (PCRep) message. In the example of FIG. 2, the PCC 24 is at or communicatively coupled to the network element 16 A and requests a path from the network element 16 A to a node 26 which is communicatively coupled to the network element 16 E. This request from the PCC 24 to the PCE 22 is via a PCReq message for the path and identifies the destination (i.e., the node 26 ) and any constraints. The PCE 22 in turn computes a path and returns an Explicit Route Object (ERO) to the PCC 24 in a PCRep which is a sequence of nodes and links to be followed. For example, the ERO can include network elements 16 A, 16 B, 16 C, 16 E to the node 26 . The source network element 16 A uses this information to create the connection via signaling between the network elements 16 .	0
The substrate 60 supports a physical shape of the optical recording medium according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention. As the substrate 60 , ceramic, glass, or resin is usually used, and preferably polycarbonate resin is used as a material of the substrate 60 . The reflective layer 50 positioned on the substrate 60 , reflects a laser beam entering through the optical transmission layer to emit the reflected laser beam toward the optical transmission layer 10 . Thus, the reflective layer is preferably made of a material having a high reflectance or an alloy added with a material having a high reflectance.	0
In the depicted example, the total reflection mirror 40 A in the first stage is retreated to the second position and the total reflection mirror 40 B in the second stage is switched to the first position. In this case: the total reflection mirror 40 B in the second stage totally reflects the fiber laser beam FB from the fiber laser oscillator 10 ; and this reflected beam is condensed and injected onto an end face of the second transmission fiber 46 B through the second injecting unit 42 B as the second branched laser beam GB; and is transmitted to the second irradiating unit 48 B of the laser beam irradiating unit 18 passing through the transmission fiber 46 B.	0
FIG. 32 is a plan view of the chip resistor mount structure shown in FIG. 29;	0
Then, the plurality of cardboard boxes B 1 and B 2 are transferred from the cutting device 73 to the unloading device 74 as illustrated in FIGS. 17 and 26, and the plurality of cardboard boxes B 1 and B 2 are unloaded by the unloading device 74 as illustrated in FIGS. 17 and 27. Subsequently, the downstream side positioning member 162 descends.	0
In addition to data generated on site, the Loran Data Channel can also carry (i.e., communicate to a client receiver) information originating outside the transmitter site. For example, the data channel generator 206 can receive, from the Third-party data 208 and via the eLoran encoder 213 , information to be communicated, via one or more LDC messages, to a client receiver. The Third-party data 208 , in the case of private messages, may be encrypted before being passed to the data channel 206 .	0
While the particular breach bag apparatus and method herein shown and disclosed in detail is fully capable of attaining the objects and providing the advantages stated herein, it is to be understood that it is merely illustrative of the presently preferred embodiment of the invention and that no limitations are intended concerning the detail of construction or design shown other than as defined in the appended claims. Accordingly, the proper scope of the present invention should be determined only by the broadest interpretation of the appended claims so as to encompass obvious modifications as well as all relationships equivalent to those illustrated in the drawings and described in the specification.	0
U.S. Pat. No. 4,004,871 to Hardy discloses a bi-material mold gate conduit for use in injection molding thermosetting resins. The Mold gate conduit has an inner tube welded or brazed to an outer sleeve-like body. The outer sleeve is slidably received within and pinned between co-operating mold plate members, and an annular chamber for circulating coolant around the gate is provided between the outer sleeve and the inner tube. However, because the outer sleeve is only slidably received by the assembly, there is no secure attachment provided and, further, removal can be difficult because resin leakage can freeze the conduit to the assembly, making the unit just as susceptible to damage in removal as in those devices described above.	0
FIG. 7 is a perspective view of an embodiment of the coupling arrangement of the invention following the completed assembly of the coupling arrangement.	0
In contrast, in this embodiment, as illustrated in FIG. 19, one end of the cooler-core flow path 36 is connected to a third inlet port 18 d of the first switching valve 18 , and one end of the heater-core flow channel 37 is connected to a third outlet 19 d of the second switching valve 19 .	0
As is apparent from Table 5, it is realized that the content of an alpha acid is remarkably increased by the ALA treatment. Although the present variety is a type having a high content of an alpha acid and is considered that it is difficult to categorically exhibit an effect, a sufficient effect is shown. It is known for ALA to have a yield-increasing effect and the dried weight is also increased as shown in Reference. However, the values in Table 5 are content per weight and thus it is an effect unexpected from the existing information.	0
Concerning the weight contents of all the monomers used to form the aromatic ring-containing (meth)acryl-based polymer (A), the alkyl (meth)acrylate should be a main component, and the content of the copolymerizable monomer is preferably, but not limited to, 0 to about 20%, more preferably about 0.1 to about 15%, even more preferably about 0.1 to about 10%, based on the total weight of all the monomers used to form the aromatic ring-containing (meth)acryl-based polymer (A).	0
In the present embodiment, it is also possible to individually adjust each density range after uniformly performing density adjustment of all the density ranges in the uniform density adjustment. In other words, after performing density adjustment of the entire input image data, it is possible to further perform processing to adjust each density range in detail. For example, by setting the density of the whole to “−1”, the density of each density range is set to “−1”. After that, the density in the intermediate density range may be updated to the setting of “0”.	0
While the present invention may be embodied in many different forms, a number of illustrative embodiments are described herein with the understanding that the present disclosure is to be considered as providing examples of the principles of the invention and such examples are not intended to limit the invention to preferred embodiments described herein and/or illustrated herein. While illustrative embodiments of the invention have been described herein, the present invention is not limited to the various preferred embodiments described herein, but includes any and all embodiments having equivalent air filter elements, modifications, omissions, combinations (e.g., of aspects across various embodiments), adaptations and/or alterations as would be appreciated by those in the art based on the present disclosure. The limitations in the claims are to be interpreted broadly based on the language employed in the claims and not limited to examples described in the present specification or during the prosecution of the application, which examples are to be construed as non-exclusive. For example, in the present disclosure, the term “preferably” is non-exclusive and means “preferably, but not limited to.” In this disclosure and during the prosecution of this application, means-plus-function or step-plus-function limitations will only be employed where for a specific claim limitation all of the following conditions are present in that limitation: a) “means for” or “step for” is expressly recited; b) a corresponding function is expressly recited; and c) structure, material or acts that support that structure are not recited. In this disclosure and during the prosecution of this application, the terminology “present invention” or “invention” is meant as a non-specific, general reference and may be used as a reference to one or more aspect within the present disclosure. The language present invention or invention should not be improperly interpreted as an identification of criticality, should not be improperly interpreted as applying across all aspects or embodiments (i.e., it should be understood that the present invention has a number of aspects and embodiments), and should not be improperly interpreted as limiting the scope of the application or claims. In this disclosure and during the prosecution of this application, the terminology “embodiment” can be used to describe any aspect, feature, process or step, any combination thereof, and/or any portion thereof, etc. In some examples, various embodiments may include overlapping features. In this disclosure and during the prosecution of this case, the following abbreviated terminology may be employed: “e.g.” which means “for example.”	0
In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, provided is a hydroformylation method for preparing aldehyde by reacting an olefin-based unsaturated compound with carbon monoxide and hydrogen in the presence of a transition metal-phosphite complex catalyst produced from a transition metal catalyst and a phosphite ligand, wherein the reaction is carried out by further incorporating one or more of compounds represented by the following Formulae 1 to 4.	0
The protective mode is set when a dynamic rail pressure rises above a maximum value to enable the protective mode. In this regard, the maximum value is selected in such a way that the rail pressure in steady-state operation does not reach this pressure value. The dynamic rail pressure is computed from the raw values of the rail pressure by a fast filter. The protective mode is dropped and operation is returned to normal mode again when a predetermined time interval has elapsed. Swinging between the two modes is eliminated by virtue of the fact that after the change from protective mode back to normal mode, the protective mode is blocked and is not released again until the dynamic rail pressure falls below the maximum pressure value by a hysteresis value.	0
FIG. 2A illustrates a flow diagram of an example embodiment of the Computer-based application of the payor facilitation and health related outcomes tracker. Referring to FIG. 2A, a patient who is a person desiring a drug or device that needs payor approval, usually seeks a healthcare provider 201 or acquires information from the internet about their symptoms. Next, the patient schedules an appointment with the medical office and then visits 202 with a healthcare provider who assesses the patient's condition. If the patient is a suitable candidate 203 for a drug or device requiring insurance pre-approval, the healthcare provider instructs that the patient download the computer-based application and create a personalized patient account 204 on their handheld personal computer with a mobile operating system such as a smartphone. If the patient lacks access to a handheld personal computer with a mobile operating system, another embodiment of the present invention will be available for use on a personal computer.	0
In this function display, the condition of the vehicle is symbolized corresponding to a heartbeat. In this case, the determining parameter may be the temperature of an internal-combustion engine. The same applies during a start-stop operation. Less energy is available to the onboard energy supply system than during a drive and energy is saved. This condition is also illustrated by way of a quiet pulse rate. While, before a drive, as a rule, the engine is cold and the vehicle is ready to be used, which is symbolized by a steady “pulse rate” of 60 Hz, the soon to be depleted energy supply at the end of a drive can be symbolized by a diminished flashing of the same LEDs 3 at a reduced frequency of 30 Hz.	0
Conversely, a pilot lever setting calling for- an increased turbine inlet temperature results in a clockwise rotation of follower 182 to drive link 186 upward thereby causing link 188 to rotate counterclockwise about point ..“x” to move spool valve 190 upward. The upward movement of spool valve 190 vents chamber 196 to control bypass and body .pressure Po so that the servo-supply pressure in a chamber 206 at the right of piston 198 moves piston 198 to the left thereby causing link 200 io rotate clockwise about pivot 202. The clockwise rotation of link 202 moves link 204 to the right thus causing bell crank 72 to rotate counterclockwse and in turn rotate rod 70 clockwise about finger 68 to lower extension 76 and thus lower link 78. The lowering of link 78 results in clockwise rotation of cam 84 to increase fuel flow as previously described. As the mechanism moves to increase fuel flow, rod 96 moves downward causing a translation of turbine inlet temperature calculation cam 160 to a position indicative of a higher turbine inlet temperature. As seen iii FIGURE 1, cam follower 180 moves to the right; as seen in FIGURE 2, follower 180 moves downward; Referring to FIGURE 2, the downward movement of follower 180 rotates link 188 counterclockwise about its connection with link 186 at finger 187 thereby pulling spool valve 190 downward and returning spool valve 190 to the null position to stop the movement of piston 198.	0
First, conditions or experimental manipulations that prevent the formation of a clear retinal image cause the eye to grow abnormally long (called “axial elongation”) and to become myopic or short-sighted, a phenomenon referred to as “form-deprivation myopia”.	0
A first embodiment of the present invention is described below with reference to FIGS. 1-18.	0
As described above, in the platform door device 10 according to the present embodiment, the door 14 includes the base segment 42 which is detachably joined to the panel-shaped main body 40 and to which the belt member 60 of the driving mechanism 55 is attached. Thus, in the event of damage to the panel-shaped main body 40 , for example, in the event that the glass plate 40 b of the main body 40 is broken, the main body 40 can be replaced by detaching the main body 40 from the base segment 42 while allowing the belt member 60 to be kept attached to the base segment 42 , and attaching a new main body 40 to the base segment 42 . This makes it possible to replace the main body 40 without exerting any influence on the driving mechanism 55 , which eliminates a need for adjustment of the driving mechanism 55 during the replacement operation for the main body 40 . Therefore, in the event of damage to the main body 40 of the door 14 , a time required for the replacement operation can be reduced.	0
Consider FIG. 11, showing the visual presentation of a GUI 1102 . The look is dominated by the action frame 1120 . Immediately above the action frame is a title area 1104 , which can either be a graphics image or a text label 1108 . This label tells the user the current name of the screen. Above the title label is a status area 1106 that contains information about the device, such as the date and time, and the online/offline status of the application. Below the action frame is a soft key area 1122 where labels that correspond to physical buttons on the device are shown.	0
In this embodiment, the first switching valve 18 and the second switching valve 19 switch between a state in which the coolant is allowed to circulate between the heater core 17 and one of the first heat transfer device 81 and the second heat transfer device 81 and a state in which the coolant cooled in the coolant-cooling heat exchanger 14 is allowed to flow to the radiator 13 .	0
FIG. 12 is a top view of the part of the workpiece cloth in the case where the sewing reference mark is used in sewing;	0
The foregoing disclosure is sufficient to enable those with skill in the relevant art to practice the invention without undue experimentation. The disclosure further provides the best mode of practicing the invention now contemplated by the inventor. It will be appreciated by those skilled in the art that the basic breach bag design may take on a multitude of configurations depending upon the desired application.	0
In optional impinge warmed heating liquid on barrier step 836 , which is part of contact heating liquid and barrier step 830 , the second surface of the liquid-blocking barrier is brought into contact with the heating liquid 415 by using a liquid-delivery system to impinge the warmed heating liquid 415 onto the second surface of the liquid-blocking barrier. In various aspects, the warmed heating liquid 415 undergoes a phase change while heat is being transferred from the warmed heating liquid 415 to the moistening liquid 420 , and the phase change releases heat such that at least a portion of the released heat contributes to vaporizing the moistening liquid 420 (as discussed above). In various of these aspects, the phase change is a liquid-to-solid phase change, or another exothermic phase change that releases heat. In various aspects, at least some of the heating liquid 415 is solid after the phase change. The rotatable liquid-blocking member is a liquid-blocking belt that travels along a belt path arranged such that solidified heating liquid 415 is dislodged from the liquid-blocking belt as the liquid-blocking belt undergoes a change in surface orientation. Changes in surface orientation are defined above.	0
In some embodiments, multiple substrate panels 432 may be used instead of a single substrate panel 432 . For example, when sewing a relatively large article, such as a king sized mattress topper 100 , multiple substrate panels 432 may be used to lift different portions of the king sized mattress topper 100 .	0
The cooler-core inflow air temperature TI is the temperature of blast air passing through the cooler core 16 , and is calculated by Expression F2 below.	0
At step S 100 , an MS measures a modulation and coding scheme (MCS) level obtained by quantizing a carrier to interference plus noise ratio (CINR). At step S 110 , the MS maps feedback information, including the MCS level, to a feedback channel. At step S 120 , the MS sends the feedback channel to a BS.	0
Referring also to FIG. 2, a tailgate damping system 32 may be located in the sidewall 24 and/or 26 of the truck 14 . The tailgate damping system 32 may be connected to a tailgate shaft 34 of the tailgate assembly 10 and may control rotation of the tailgate assembly 10 by controlling the rotation rate of the tailgate shaft 34 . As will be described in greater detail below, the tailgate damping system 32 may also include a speed sensor 36 that is used to determine the rotational speed of the tailgate shaft 34 (or some other location on the tailgate assembly 10 ). If the determined speed is above a predetermined value, the tailgate dampening system 32 may slow rotation of the tailgate shaft 34 and the tailgate assembly 10 by pressurizing a damping fluid.	0
This second reaction is slower than the first reaction and is also an equilibrium reaction which means that all the dissolved carbonate will not react even if a surplus of burned lime is added.	0
If desired, a manual process is then performed to confirm the matches automatically identified in the above-described manner and to remove any false matches. In addition, further matches may be identified by searching on unique words within the entity name to identify other formats of the name entered, and to also try to identify any misspellings of entity names.	0
Multiplex allele specific primer extension, and hybridization of extended primers to a solid support is described generally in the prior art. ASPE technology has been generally described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,851,331. The technology is designed to identify the presence or absence of specific polymorphic sites in the genome.	0
In addition to use in reducing edge effect restenosis, the expandable medical device 200 of FIG. 2 may be used in conjunction with the expandable medical device 10 of FIG. 1 or another drug delivery stent when an initial stenting procedure has to be supplemented with an additional stent. For example, in some cases the device 10 of FIG. 1 with “hot ends” or a device with uniform distribution of drug may be implanted improperly. If the physician determines that the device does not cover a sufficient portion of the lumen a supplemental device may be added at one end of the existing device and slightly overlapping the existing device. When the supplemental device is implanted, the device 200 of FIG. 2 is used so that the “cool ends” of the medical device 200 prevent double-dosing of the beneficial agent at the overlapping portions of the devices 10 , 200 .	0
In another embodiment which can advantageously be combined with the preceding one, the upper scoop is intended to take a position wherein the axis A 2 is pivoted about the axis A 1 by an angle beta relative to the forwards-backwards direction, positive upwards and negative downwards, with the angle beta being less than or equal to −50° and more preferably to −55°.	0
With the improvements in the performance and contrast in liquid crystal display devices, there have been required optically compensatory films having elevated retardations and improved transparency.	0
Compound (1A) is prepared by allowing arylboronic acid (2) to react with compound (3) prepared according to a known method in the presence of an aqueous solution of carbonate and a catalyst such as tetrakis(triphenylphosphine) palladium. Compound (1A) is also prepared by allowing compound (4) prepared according to a known method to react with n-butyllithium and subsequently with zinc chloride, and further with compound (3) in the presence of a catalyst such as dichlorobis(triphenylphosphine) palladium.	0
A rail 130 may have a U-shaped channel to serve as a fence module 3 D at its front half (−Y′), a set of opposing tongues 132 to mount clamping module 3 E at its rear half (+Y′), and plural through holes for fasteners 128 therein. The fence module 3 D may have at least one actuation switch inside of the U-shaped channel and a cover 127 thereon. A leaf spring 134 may be disposed at near tongue/grove 132 to resist free lateral movement of the clamping module 3 E. The main plate may have plural through slots 104 formed longitudinally (Y′-axis) through which fasteners 128 may connect the rail 130 to the T-bracket 126 , which enables the rail 130 and the T-bracket 126 to move/adjust together according to the thickness of workpiece.	0
R 6 , R 7 and R 8 in Formula (10) are each independently a halogen atom, a C 1-22 alkyl group or a C 6-10 aryl group (the aryl group is unsubstituted or is substituted with a halogen atom, a C 1-4 alkyl group or a C 1-4 alkoxy group).	0
8) Return to a point where normal execution of TP was interrupted	0
Accordingly, the nozzle 302 may be composed of a variety of materials to reflect the environment in which the nozzle 302 will be placed (e.g. high temperature, high vibration environments). Exemplary materials include, but are not limited to, iron, steel, stainless steel, tungsten steel, copper, brass, aluminum, gold, silver, titanium, alloys thereof, and polymers.	0
F 1 =μ 1 ×π×E×L m ×( P e1 +θ ez +θ ey +P e2 +P g )/4 (9)	0
Any embodiment of any of the apparatuses, systems, and methods can consist of or consist essentially of—rather than comprise/include/contain/have—any of the described steps, elements, and/or features. Thus, in any of the claims, the term “consisting of” or “consisting essentially of” can be substituted for any of the open-ended linking verbs recited above, in order to change the scope of a given claim from what it would otherwise be using the open-ended linking verb.	0
Crystallization from a 5 ml stirred batch was also tested. Water (2940 μl), 5M NaCl (10 μl), and pretreated harvest 1 were combined and mixed at 250 rpm, 10° C. Crystallization was initiated by adding 30 μl 1M TRIS to adjust the pH to around 6.8. The first crystals appeared after about 15 minutes, and the experiment was stopped after three hours. The crystals were separated by centrifugation (3 min, 16100 g), and dissolved in 0.5 ml 10 mM histidine buffer (pH 5). The pH was adjusted to 5 by adding 5 μl 10% acetic acid, resulting in about 650 μl solution containing mAb01. SEC analysis showed a high purity of 96.5%. The protein concentration of the dissolved crystal solution was 38.9 g/L mAb01.	0
Ser Pro Ser Arg Leu Pro Gly Pro Ser Asp Thr Pro Ile Leu Pro Gln	0
Further, a device or system that is configured in a certain way is configured in at least that way, but it can also be configured in other ways than those specifically described.	0
In another embodiment, the neck of the oil filter element comprises a sheet metal material.	0
There are already known throat plates for sewing machines which are provided with a throat plate inset surmounting the upper face of the throat plate, and which are provided with a stitch hole for the vertically displaceable needle.	0
The reactant stream may be steam, air, oxygen enriched air or high purity oxygen. When the reactant stream is steam the chemical conversion step may be a CO-shift step, methanation step, or may be a combined CO-shift and methanation step. When the reactant stream includes air, oxygen enriched air or high purity oxygen the chemical conversion step may be combustion or partial oxidation.	0
Still another embodiment of the present invention provides a process for co-gasification of two or more carbonaceous feedstock, said process comprising: combusting a first carbonaceous feedstock having high calorific value with low ash and high hydrogen content, in presence of steam, with an amount of oxygen to produce a heated effluent; carrying the heated effluent to a fluid bed reactor wherein said heated effluent reacts with a second carbonaceous feedstock, having low calorific value with high ash and low hydrogen content, to produce synthesis gas.	0
For example, it is preferable that two seal gas injection sections be provided at respective both sides of one exhaust section so that the overall configuration of the gas mixing prevention means has a structure symmetrically located along the furnace length direction about a center of the one exhaust section. Further, it is preferable that a total flow of gas injected from the seal gas injection sections and a total flow of gas exhausted from the exhaust sections be substantially equal in amount. This makes it possible to (i) prevent gases which flow from spaces on both sides of the respective gas mixing prevention means from mixing with each other and (ii) prevent the seal gas from flowing into the spaces. In a case where the gas mixing prevention means are provided on both sides of the growth furnace, it is possible to prevent a flow of the seal gas and a flow of a gas in the growth furnace from interfering with each other. Furthermore, turbulence in the flow of the gas due to the flow of the seal gas into the growth furnace can be also prevented. Accordingly, it is possible to provide the production apparatus which is suitable for successively producing the aligned CNT aggregates.	0
The surface treatment agent may be applied to a substrate by vapor deposition to form a coating having good properties. The vapor deposition may be made by, for instance, resistance heating or electron-beam heating, but not be limited to them. The curing conditions may be selected properly, depending on the surface-treating manner. When the composition is applied by spraying, ink-jetting, brushing or dipping, a curing temperature is preferably in a range of room temperature, i.e. 20 plus or minus 15 degrees C., and 100 degrees C. The curing is carried out preferably in a humid environment to promote the curing reaction. A thickness of a cured coating may be selected, depending on a type of a substrate, and is typically from 0.1 nm to 100 nm, particularly from 1 to 20 nm.	0
A number of implementations have been described. Nevertheless, it will be understood that various modifications may be made without departing from the spirit and scope of these implementations. Accordingly, other implementations are within the scope of the following claims.	0
The present disclosure relates generally to systems and methods for process design and analysis of processes that result in analytical information or products.	0
It can be seen from Table 1 that the peel strengths obtained by using the working examples are higher than the control samples at almost all temperatures. Working Example 1 had a peel strength 152% greater than Control Example 2 where both examples were processed at 300° F. and 300 psi. Working Example 1 had a peel strength 230% greater than Control Example 2 where both examples were processed at 250° F. and 50 psi. Further, Working Example 1 had a 76% greater peel strength processed at lower conditions (250° F., 50 psi) than Control Example 2 processed at much higher conditions (300° F., 300 psi). Working Examples 1, 2, and 3 each had approximately equal or better performance at 250° F./50 psi than the control examples processed at 300° F./300 psi. Additionally, stiffness was measured for all samples and the Working Examples were at least as stiff as or stiffer than the Control Examples processed at the same conditions.	0
FIG. 6 shows a side view of the edge piece.	0
JIS 3 Dumbbell shaped samples, in accordance with Japan Industry Standard (JIS) K6251, were cut from the obtained vulcanized sheets. Using these samples, in accordance with JIS K6251, a tensile test was performed at a pulling speed of 500 mm/min and a temperature of 20° C. 300% modulus (MPa), tensile breaking strength (MPa), and tensile breaking elongation (%) were measured. The results were recorded in Table 4.	0
In some embodiments, such as the one depicted in FIG. 2, the present systems comprise branching bores 108 extending from the first wellbore 102 and into the geologic formation 104 (e.g., a plurality of branching bores 108 radiating outward from first wellbore 102 , such, for example, as may be formed by directional drilling). In some embodiments of the present methods, a first fluid composition comprising a base metal is selectively injected into one or more of branching bores 108 (e.g., but not injected into others of branching bores 108 ). For example, the first fluid composition may be provided into branching bore 108 ′ followed by selectively providing the second fluid composition comprising an activating additive into the branching bore 108 ′. In some embodiments, a portion of the wellbore 102 may be targeted and/or sealed with a suitable plug or sliding mechanism (e.g. sliding sleeve) 110 such that portions of the subterranean volume are selectively restricted and allowed to pressurize while the base metal particles are consumed, thereby focusing and/or maximizing pressure gradient resulting from generation of the gaseous product. As depicted in FIG. 1, branching bore 108 ′ is selectively restricted such that generation of gaseous product occurs in a restricted volume, thereby maximizing the pressure gradient and associated fractures 106 ′. It may be appreciated that in restricted volumes, the corrosion process will typically continue until the partial pressure of gaseous hydrogen product drives the equilibrium potential of eq. 2 to a value equivalent to the equilibrium potential of eq. 1, at which point the corrosion process will cease. In some embodiments, hydrogen gas buildup in a restricted volume of branching bore 108 ′ may effectively arrest the corrosion reaction.	0
In one implementation, a manufacturing module automates the coding of a component's geometry based upon its CAD model. The geometry includes the shape and/or the size dimensions of the component. To automate the coding of the component's geometry, a code is created for a “virtual potential” that surrounds the component if a uniform electrostatic charge were distributed on all the component's surfaces. The “virtual potential” is obtained through a solution of Poisson's equation. The simulated electrostatic charge distribution of the surfaces of the component are the boundary conditions used for the solution to Poisson's equation. The solution of Poisson's equation for a given set of boundary conditions is unique in that the boundary conditions are representative of the component's geometry. The solution of Poisson's equation as applied to the component's geometry creates a unique, searchable code that cannot be reversed back into CAD file data.	0
Provided is a novel flow control system that includes multiple modifier columns to provide viable flow resistance to water flow in a waterway. The modifier columns may be positioned in a row across the waterway. Bottom ends of the columns are attached to a bottom track extension at a certain depth from the water surface, for example, as at the bottom of the waterway. The columns are sufficiently light and experience buoyancy forces when partially or fully submerged into the waterway. Since the bottom ends are attached (anchored), the buoyancy forces push the top ends of the columns towards the surface. As such, the columns become “curtain-like” static obstacles in the waterway and provide resistance to the water flow. Spacing between the columns and other characteristics may be used for controlling the flow resistance. For example, the columns may be moved along the bottom track to change spacing between pairs of adjacent columns and/or to form a pass in between two sets of columns (e.g., to allow for a vessel to pass in between these two sets). Another factor that affects the flow resistance is the buoyancy force, which may be controlled by changing size/density of the columns (e.g., by inflating or deflating the columns made from flexible materials). The buoyancy forces affect vertical orientation of the columns (i.e., their vertical angle) that are also subjected to the flow forces, which in turn affects the flow resistance.	0
Preferably the fin spacing is in a ratio of spacing to fin diameter of from 0.6:1 to 0.85:1 [preferably about 0.73:1 (e.g. 3.8 mm spacing for about a 5.2 mm diameter)].	0
Please refer to FIG. 3 and FIG. 4 which are top views of acting schematic diagrams of the first preferred embodiment according to the invention.	0
It is shown herein that the Tyr-289 mutants of Gal-T1 exhibit as high GalNAc-T activity as Gal-T activity, as well as GlcNAc-T activity. In the human Gal-T family members, the Tyr/Phe residue at 287 (or in bovine Tyr-289) is important for determining the donor sugar specificity of the enzyme.	0
While the molecular semaphore micro-array may be scanned using conventional optical scanners, the throughput and spatial resolution is often quite limited. In accordance with another exemplary embodiment of the present invention, a high-speed and high-resolution optical scanning system is disclosed for fast read-out and high S/N detection of, for example, rare bio-warfare agents. An exemplary system, as representatively depicted for example in FIG. 4, comprises inter alia a flying-head solid immersion microscope (SIM) typically used as an optical head for optical storage systems. The SIM has a minimal readout speed on the order of about 40 MHz for optical microscopy and generally employs a standard or confocal optical microscope to focus the light beam onto a lower surface of a high refractive index solid transparent material 310 (i.e., Ni/Cr) acting as a solid immersion lens 325 (SIL). The SIM uses the effective shorter wavelength inside a medium to give a smaller spot size and better resolution. This allows structures to be resolved down to about 50 nm, comparable to similar detection techniques such as, for example, the scanning near-field optical microscope (NSOM) and the scanning interferometric apertureless microscope (SIAM).	0
The ironing aid also is comprised of a pair of arms 16 which each may be considered as having proximal and distal ends with the distal ends thereof for contact inside of the clothing to enable a pressing action by an iron as the ironing aid is moved inside of the clothing. Again, refer to FIG. 2 which illustrates the arms 16 inside of the clothing C. FIG. 2 also illustrates an iron I that provides an ironing of the clothing and which is in a position adjacent to the ironing aid 10 . As the ironing aid 10 is withdrawn from the sleeve or pant leg, the iron I progresses and is drawn along providing the ironing of the sleeve or pant leg. The pair of arms 16 may be considered as being capable of transitioning between a fully open position as illustrated in FIG. 1 and a more closed position such as illustrated, for example, in FIG. 10 or 12 .	0
FIG. 7 is an explanatory diagrammatic representation of inner diameters (longer diameter and shorter diameter) of the fixation member in the modification;	0
Referring now to FIGS. 1, 2, and 10, the cover 106 comprises a first portion 164 that includes bores, holes, or apertures and a second portion 166 that does not include any bores, holes, or apertures. In one particular embodiment, the first portion 164 may include any number of apertures 168 , e.g., one or more. The apertures 168 may comprise any geometric shape or size. Preferably, the apertures 168 comprise between about 2% to about 50% and more preferably between about 5% to about 25% of the total surface area A of a top surface 170 of the cover 106 .	0
The statistics property page has a Clear button that will clear all the above items. According to the presently preferred embodiment, all items on the statistics property page are updated every 10 seconds.	0
The signals IPS_MOSI, ISP_RST, ISP_SCK, and ISP_MISO may be used to initially program the controller 310 . These signals IPS_MOSI, ISP_RST, ISP_SCK, and ISP_MISO are external programming signals applied to a connector JP 1 and pulled high by a plurality of pull-up resistors R 3 , R 4 , R 5 and R 6 and applied to ports P 01 , P 02 , P 03 and P 04 , respectively, of the microcontroller 311 . The connector JP 1 as well as the pull-up resistors R 3 , R 4 , R 5 and R 6 are only required for initial programming of the controller 310 and are not required for commercial embodiments since the system will be pre-programmed. Obviously, many modifications and variations of the present invention are possible in light of the above teachings. Thus, it is to be understood that, within the scope of the appended claims, the invention may be practiced otherwise than as specifically described above.	0
At the top of center support assembly 17 a cap portion 18 rests upon tube portion 16, maintained in place by socket portion 19. Socket portion 19 fits over tube portion 16 in a sleeve type slight friction fit and in the preferred embodiment is removable, although optionally one may choose to adhesively affix cap portion 18 to tube portion 16. Cap portion 18 has a plurality of sockets 24 extending radially from the center point of cap portion 18. Sockets 24 are adapted to accept spoke portions 23 extending radially outward to the pool flange 15. In a preferred embodiment, as illustrated in FIG. 4, twelve individual sockets 24 are provided, although more or less spoke portions 22 may be provided as needed. A pool cover 26 may then be fitted over the top of the dome like canopy created by the plurality of spokes extending outward to pool flange 15.	0
Namely, they are positioned at desired positions within the range of moving amount of 1 to 5 as illustrated in FIG. 5.	0
Exemplary aspects of the invention are described with reference to FIGS. 1-123. Referring initially to FIGS. 1-3, a semiconductor construction 10 is illustrated at a preliminary processing stage. Construction 10 comprises a substrate 12 . Substrate 12 can comprise, consist essentially of, or consist of appropriately-doped monocrystalline silicon. To aid in interpretation of the claims that follow, the terms “semiconductive substrate” and “semiconductor substrate” are defined to mean any construction comprising semiconductive material, including, but not limited to, bulk semiconductive materials such as a semiconductive wafer (either alone or in assemblies comprising other materials thereon), and semiconductive material layers (either alone or in assemblies comprising other materials). The term “substrate” refers to any supporting structure, including, but not limited to, the semiconductive substrates described above.	0
FIG. 33 is an example of the graph of the absorption cycle on the solution side in a two-stage absorption heat pump.	0
The insulation coatings formed by these methods have effects of improving the magnetostriction properties by giving tensile stress to grain oriented electrical steel sheets. However, the treatment solutions for insulation coating contain chromium compounds, such as chromic anhydrides, chromates, or dichromates, as components for maintaining favorable moisture-absorption resistance of the insulation coating, resulting in the fact that the treatment solutions for insulation coating contain hexachromium derived from the chromium compounds. Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 50-79442 also discloses a technique of adding no chromium compounds. However, the technique is extremely disadvantageous from the viewpoint of moisture-absorption resistance. The hexachromium contained in the treatment solution for insulation coating is reduced into trivalent chromium by baking to be detoxicated. However, there arise problems in that various difficulties occur in handling in waste liquid treatment of the treatment solution.	0
Finally, the molds are opened and the parts removed. This can be done manually or by using forced air or mechanical means to eject the part.	0
It should also be noted that the programming language demonstrated below was designed to be syntactically similar to XSLT, a programming language used to transform tree structures. However, the execution environment whereby the application interacts with the operating system is (as will be seen below) radically different from XSLT, because the tree transformations themselves form the basis of continuous processes of maintaining the application, as opposed to a one time translation.	0
FIG. 3 is a fragmentary perspective view of the suction manifold assembly; and	0
Use of more than one donor or acceptor can provide broader and/or stronger absorption bands and/or vibronic structures.	0
FIG. 11 is a cut-away view of the working end of the osteotome of FIG. 10.	0
In the reference frame region selection step (S 104 ), the reference frame selection unit 43 selects a reference frame 1 (reference small region: first reference frame) from a plurality of frame regions (small region) A to E. For example, a frame region A is selected as a reference frame from a plurality of frame regions A to E. Moreover, according to the first embodiment, as another reference frame, a reference frame 2 (reference small region: second reference frame) is further selected. For example, a frame region B is selected as a reference frame from a plurality of frame regions A to E.	0
The reason is that such a configuration makes it possible to further improve the high-rate performance of the electric double layer capacitor and further increase the capacity.	0
FIG. 21 is a 200× image of fibers peeled apart having the interface between the second layer and the second layer fail.	0
The imaging system 100 can further include a data acquisition (DAQ) component 106 configured to read out signals from the detector component 104 so as to facilitate CT analysis. Amount of signal processing performed by the DAQ component 106 can vary.	0
At the end of the bidding phase, the partner of the Declarer, called the Dummy, displays the Dummy's hand in columns of similarly-suited cards of decreasing value. The display is in front of where the Dummy sits and oriented in a right-reading manner with respect to the Declarer. Column arrangement is predetermined by suit in a vertical displacement that must be sufficient to permit the Declarer to see both the suit and value of each card during the playing phase that follows. Play during the subsequent playing phase can be made more difficult when at least one column is long enough to extend adversely into the playing field in a center portion of the table. Difficulty can be enhanced when smaller playing surfaces are used or when cards with enlarged indicia are used.	0
Many exit device controls also only allow uni-directional input by the user to activate the control. One solution is to centrally locate a uni-directional output of the control such that it matches a centrally located uni-directional input for unlatching of a universal centercase assembly. Bi-directional mechanical activation of the control by the user is desirable over uni-directional activation. This allows the control to be activated in both down and upstroke of its activating lever, knob, etc. Thus the control must convert bi-directional activation input to uni-directional output to match the device.	0
In a particular embodiment the instantly floating gastroretentive formulation is in the form of a tablet. Said tablet further comprising additional compounds such as fillers, binders, diluents, adhesives, lubricants or miscellaneous materials such as buffers and adsorbents, natural or synthetic scenting agents, natural or synthetic flavoring agents, natural or synthetic coloring agents, natural or synthetic sweeteners and/or mixtures thereof.	0
Leu Glu Ile Val Arg Arg Asp Trp Ser Glu Ile Ala Lys Glu Thr Gln	0
In all these publications, neither the type nor the amount of impurities present in the obtained cationic guar derivative is mentioned, impurities that will become part of the final cosmetic product in case the cationic guar derivative is used as a cosmetic raw material.	0
When the regulating plate 114 is attached to the cover 106 , a peripheral portion 184 of the regulating plate 114 extends through the arc-shaped opening 182 in the cover 106 . The peripheral portion 184 allows the user to adjust the diffusion of the volatile material as discussed below. The peripheral portion 184 of the regulating plate 114 may also include a plurality of grooves 186 to assist the user in locating and adjusting the regulating plate 114 .	0
First, as illustrated in FIG. 6, the gateway device 10 receives a packet from the terminal 20 (step S 101 ). Next, if the received packet is a packet used for identification (step S 102 , Yes), the gateway device 10 acquires a terminal address and identification information on the basis of the received packet (step S 103 ).	0
In an illustrative embodiment, the grip-providing substance 162 so applied to the occipital cup portion 118 may help minimize movement of the force-distributing cranial support 100 when affixed to the subject's head 210 . The grip-providing substance 162 in some preferred embodiments comprises a cured silicone such as Bluestar TCS 7536 Silicone (Bluestar Silicones, East Brunswick, N.J., USA). In other embodiments, the grip-providing substance 162 may comprise Mediderm 3200 or Mediderm 4000 (Mylan Technologies, St. Albans, Vt.), although other grip-providing materials such as polysiloxane may also be used. In some embodiments, the grip-providing substance 162 has a thickness between about 10 microns and about 10 millimeters, preferably between about 50 microns and about 250 microns.	0
FIG. 3C is a top sectional view of a portion of an alternative shade assembly in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention.	0
As a modification of the present invention, the heat radiator forms a sealing ring slot around the cable tube mounting hole and the sealing ring slot receives therein a sealing ring.	0
The fireproof door frame may further include a water supply unit for sensing fire and then supplying water to the water receiving part through the intake port.	0
First tube 30 is located between arcuate support surface 11 and the first rotor 21 . Second tube 40 has a first end 41 and a second end 42 , wherein each end 41 , 42 is coupled to the first tube 30 . The second tube 40 extends around the second rotor 23 .	0
NVRAMs 154 and 155 may also contain one or more memory fields in which data are written to by the control console 22 to which the associated component is attached. One of these fields is an odometer field 228 . This field is present in the NVRAM of a component that is reusable, such as a reusable supply electrode 22 . This field stores data indicating the number of times the particular component was used. In one version of the invention, odometer field is a multi-bit field. At manufacture or after complete overhaul, all bits are set to “0” or “1“. Each time the component with a NVRAM including field 228 is plugged into the console. The state of the next unflipped bit is inverted.	0
If the candidate entity has reported the expected types of unclaimed property and has otherwise passed each of the foregoing tests, the candidate entity may not be flagged as a potential under reporter and may therefore not be subjected to further review as described below. In one embodiment, however, a candidate entity that has reported the expected types of unclaimed property and has otherwise passed each of the foregoing tests may still be subjected to an additional overall test. In this regard, the reporting profile of a company within the same industry segment as the candidate entity that has properly reported an average and/or an anticipated amount of unclaimed property of the expected type(s) may be constructed. This reporting profile may be based upon an actual company within the same industry segment that is known to have properly reported an average and/or anticipated amount of unclaimed property of the expected type(s). Alternatively, the reporting profile of a hypothetical company in the same industry segment may be constructed that is considered to have reported an average and/or anticipated amount of unclaimed property of the expected type(s).	0
Photo sensor arrays can be operated in two modes: a rolling shutter mode of operation and a global shutter mode of operation. In the global shutter mode of operation, all photo sensors within the array (i.e., all rows of the array) may be exposed at the same time for the duration of an exposure period. During the exposure period charge may accumulate on each photo sensor based on the incident illumination. At the end of the exposure period the charge may be read out row by row.	0
FIG. 9 A block diagram illustrating a configuration of a power conversion system according to an embodiment 9.	0
Expression vectors of the invention may be constructed from a starting vector such as a commercially available vector. Such vectors may or may not contain all of the desired flanking sequences. Where one or more of the flanking sequences described herein are not already present in the vector, they may be individually obtained and ligated into the vector. Methods used for obtaining each of the flanking sequences are well known to one skilled in the art.	0
The bent portion 4 preferably of a smooth and arcuate contour is usually designed as short as the torsional strength allows. Any specific configuration and radius of curvature may be employed so long as the internal flow path of tube substantially remains non-collapsed and has an unconstricted cross-sectional area.	0
UDF is an abbreviation of universal disk format. It shows the rule for a file management method mainly in a disk-like information storage medium. The CD-ROM, CD-R, CD-RW, DVD video, DVD-ROM, DVD-R, and DVD-RAM employ the UDF format standardized by ISO 9660.	0
For purposes of description herein, the terms “upper,”“lower,”“right,”“left,”“rear,”“front,”“vertical,”“horizontal,” and derivatives thereof shall relate to the concept as oriented in FIG. 1. However, it is to be understood that the concept may assume various alternative orientations, except where expressly specified to the contrary. It is also to be understood that the specific devices and processes illustrated in the attached drawings, and described in the following specification are simply exemplary embodiments of the inventive concepts defined in the appended claims. Hence, specific dimensions and other physical characteristics relating to the embodiments disclosed herein are not to be considered as limiting, unless the claims expressly state otherwise.	0
However, with such a solution, a person wishing to listen to an auxiliary audio program must purchase an additional piece of equipment (for example a headset) so as to be capable of listening to his audio program without bothering the other listener. Moreover, the number of people watching the program is limited by the number of headsets that can be connected to the television.	0
Traditional melt-extruded, fine filaments of different cross-sectional geometries having a cross-sectional area at or below 4 mm 2 and particularly those having a cross-sectional area of less than 2 mm 2 such as monofilament and multifilament yarns used for manufacturing different knitted and woven textile constructs, monofilament sutures, and multifilament braided sutures, are known to be based on thermoplastic crystalline polymers comprising linear chains. An exception to the traditional practice was disclosed by one of the inventors, wherein polyaxial polymers (with a monocentric branching point) were prepared and converted to strong	0
The compound (15) (0.059 mmol, 13.4 mg) obtained in the above (D) was dehydrated azeotropically three times with anhydrous toluene, dissolved in trimethyl phosphate (0.2 ml), added phosphorus oxychloride (0.065 mmol, 7.1 μl) under ice-cooling and stirred for 7 hours under ice-cooling. After confirming completion of the reaction by TLC, well mixed solution of 0.5 M bistributylammonium pyrophosphate-DMF solution and tributylamine (70.2 μl) was immediately added and stirred well under ice-cooling for 30 minutes. 1 M triethylammonium bicarbonate (0.35 ml) was added to the reaction mixture to terminate the reaction and concentrated in vacuo. The residue was dissolved in water and charged on a column of DEAE-Sephadex chromatography (15×300 mm) and eluted by gradient elution with 50 mM-1 M triethylammonium bicarbonate. A fraction eluted at 0.53-0.59 M was collected and lyophilized. Structure was confirmed by MS (ESI−), 1 H-NMR and 31 P-NMR. Sodium salt was prepared by treating with Dowex 50Wx8 column chromatography.	0
The optical recording medium further includes a dielectric layer laminated to contact at least one of surfaces of the first information recording layer through which the laser beam firstly enters and the surface thereof near the substrate. The dielectric layer prevents the substrate or a plastic cover sheet from damage due to increased temperature in the information recording layers according to the position thereof, or emits heat generated in the information recording layer at a proper rate to properly adjust thermal equilibrium of the information recording layers.	0
FIG. 1 is a block diagram showing an image sensing apparatus according to the present invention;	0
The credit card 26 and the picture identification card 28 , as shown, are both disposed between the bottom surface of the flexible member 16 and the rear surface 12 a of the face plate 12 . The credit card 26 is disposed adjacent to the rear surface 12 a of the face plate 12 and the picture identification card 28 is disposed on top of the credit card 26 . Both cards 26 , 28 are fully inserted along the longitudinal length 13 as far as they each can readily be inserted toward the rear side 20 . Of course, the relative positions of the credit card 26 and the picture identification card 28 can be reversed.	0
If, however, a change in wire speed occurs that is not due to a change in master speed, the head set point, T.sub.h, will also change to maintain a constant jet-to-wire ratio. But this will cause a change in the flow rate, F.sub.j, from the slice. Since the changed flow rate is not accompanied by a corresponding change in fiber supplied to the headbox, it is necessary to change the slice opening so that the flow rate is returned to its previous value. Headbox consistency C.sub.h is thereby maintained at a constant value. Quantitatively the relationships are derived as follows:	0
Leu Arg Gly Asp Gly Pro Ile Ser Lys Arg Ala Ile Leu Ala Glu Glu	0
Furthermore, internally added agent fine particles, such as release agent fine particles and a charge control agent, can be cohered and fused together with the resin particles and the coloring agent fine particles of the present invention.	0
The disclosure relates generally to the field of medical implants, in particular, a vascular stent, for example, for implantation in the blood vessels of a body.	0
Phe Asn Arg Gly Glu Cys Gly Gly Gly Gly Ser Gly Gly Gly Gly Ser	0
Holding time: 0.5 to 20 hours, particularly 1 to 10 hours	0
Flat and straight aluminum tubes 1 which are prepared by extrusion will be arranged in parallel and at regular intervals in a direction of their thickness, in a manner shown in FIG. 8A. Next, the tube ends are caused to penetrate the reinforcing strips 13 and 14, which will then be put closer to each other as shown in FIG. 8B. Subsequently, the headers 5 and 6 are adjoined to the tube ends into fluid communication therewith, and the corrugated fins 11 and 12 are set in between the adjacent tubes 1 and also between the outermost tube and the end section 16 of the reinforcing strip as shown in FIG. 8C. Any brazeable accessories may be attached to the thus prepared assembly which will then be `one-shot` brazed so that all the parts become integral with each other.	0
The invention is described by reference to the following drawings in which:	0
The control unit 43 controls the entire management device 40 . The control unit 43 is, for example, an electronic circuit such as a CPU or an MPU, or an integrated circuit such as an ASIC or an FPGA. Further, the control unit 43 includes an internal memory for storing programs defining various processing procedures and control data, and executes each process using the internal memory. Further, the control unit 43 functions as various processing units when various programs are executed. The control unit 43 includes, for example, an analysis unit 431 .	0
With regard to anticancer agents in particular, the polymer of the present invention was found capable of entrapping completely within its polymeric shell poorly-water soluble drugs or compounds like Paclitaxel, Docetaxel, Etoposide, and various Betulinic acid derivatives, such as those designated as MJ-1098, DRF-4012 and DRF-4015 having the following structures (II), (III), and (IV), which in turn are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,403,816 and our pending Indian Application No. 265/DEL/2005, filed on Feb. 9, 2005.	0
cgtB from C. jejuni 0:10 and related strains can be amplified using:	0
CgtB proteins of the invention can be expressed in a variety of host cells, including E. coli , other bacterial hosts, and yeast. The host cells are preferably microorganisms, such as, for example, yeast cells, bacterial cells, or filamentous fungal cells. Examples of suitable host cells include, for example, Azotobacter sp. (e.g., A. vinelandii ), Pseudomonas sp., Rhizobium sp., Erwinia sp., Escherichia sp. (e.g., E. coli ), Bacillus, Pseudomonas, Proteus, Salmonella, Serratia, Shigella, Rhizobia, Vitreoscilla, Paracoccus and Klebsiella sp., among many others. The cells can be of any of several genera, including Saccharomyces (e.g., S. cerevisiae ), Candida (e.g., C. utilis, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. versatilis, C. lipolytica, C. zeylanoides, C. guilliermondii, C. albicans , and C. humicola ), Pichia (e.g., P. farinosa and P. ohmeri ), Torulopsis (e.g., T. candida, T sphaerica, T. xylinus, T. famata , and T. versatilis ), Debaryomyces (e.g., D. subglobosus, D. cantarellii, D. globosus, D. hansenii , and D. japonicus ), Zygosaccharomyces (e.g., Z. rouxii and Z. bailii ), Kluyveromyces (e.g., K marxianus ), Hansenula (e.g., H. anomala and H. jadinii ), and Brettanomyces (e.g., B. lambicus and B. anomalus ). Examples of useful bacteria include, but are not limited to, Escherichia, Enterobacter, Azotobacter, Erwinia, Klebsielia, Bacillus, Pseudomonas, Proteus , and Salmonella.	0
1 Back in time (sometimes referred as backward or reverse) debugger	0
FIG. 1 is a schematic flow diagram illustrating a preferred arrangement for the practice of the method of the present invention with a three bed adsorber separation system.	0
Phe Glu Glu Ala Arg Glu Ile Phe Lys Asp Ala Glu Arg Thr Lys Leu	0
This sample of detected events is illustrative of a real scenario enacted in the laboratory. Note how the two primitive events (second person detected, no corresponding swipe card detected) triggered the detection of a compound event (tailgating). Notice also how the video tip event and stolen plate event were detected. The network management module, which detected that camera 1 lost connection at 7:10:18 PM placed the network event “MDEntryID=433” into the events database.	0
The products of the present invention have a low water content, for example a water content which is below 10%, or lower w/w relative to the total weight of the product. Examples of products with low water content are the so-called dry applicators which are aimed for use on a wet skin. Examples of applications for this type of applicators are usage in the shower or after bathing. Such dry applicators may also be recommended for use after wetting the product itself, e.g. with water or with an aqueous lotion that is provided separately.	0
At times, the processing unit uses the signal obtained from the at least one sensor in an algorithm that is used in controlling the energy beam. The algorithm may comprise the path of the energy beam. In some instances, the algorithm may be used to alter the path of the energy beam on the target surface. The path may deviate from a cross section of a model corresponding to the requested 3D object. The processing unit may use the output in an algorithm that is used in determining the manner in which a model of the requested 3D object may be sliced. The processing unit may use the signal obtained from the at least one sensor in an algorithm that is used to configure one or more parameters and/or apparatuses relating to the 3D printing process. The parameters may comprise a characteristic of the energy beam. The parameters may comprise movement of the platform and/or material bed. The parameters may comprise relative movement of the energy beam and the material bed. In some instances, the energy beam, the platform (e.g., material bed disposed on the platform), or both may translate. Alternatively, or additionally, the controller may use historical data for the control. Alternatively, or additionally, the processing unit may use historical data in its one or more algorithms. The parameters may comprise the height of the layer of pre-transformed material disposed in the enclosure and/or the gap by which the cooling element (e.g., heat sink) is separated from the target surface. The target surface may be the exposed layer of the material bed.	0
In some embodiments of the present methods, the first fluid composition further comprises a surface passivating additive. In some embodiments, the surface passivating additive is configured to degrade over time. In some embodiments, the surface passivating additive comprises an anion. In some embodiments, the surface passivating additive includes one or more of: a sulfate, a phosphate, a nitrite, a chromate, a phosphonate, and a molybdate.	0
Lys Arg Tyr Ala Val Ile Asp Glu Glu Gly Lys Ile Ile Thr Arg Gly	0
To offset this problem, it is known to compare anemometric parameters with an independent index, of the inertial unit or GPS type. However, this comparison does not allow specific detection of the anomalies on specific sensors or on groups of sensors.	0
At least one additional advantage of at least one embodiment is good processability	0
Typically, in the parallax range finding AF system, an array focusing lens is positioned with respect to each of a pair of separated co-planar, linear photosensor arrays on which the object image in SLR camera systems are focused. The array focusing lenses are arranged symmetrically with respect to the optical axis of the camera's imaging lens, and light passing through the lens (TTL) is diverted by a half silvered mirror through the pair of focusing lenses and onto the co-planar, linear arrays, e.g. as shown in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,643,557 and 4,697,905. In such TTL AF systems, the imaging and taking lens is motor driven and the AF calculations are conducted during lens focus adjustment.	0
The above equations include assumptions for simplifying the analysis. These assumptions include fluid dispenser response and instantaneous fluid delivery. An additional term, c, is added to the calibration function to adjust for these assumptions. The value of c is specific to particular fluid dispensers and can be determined empirically by analyzing error between equation-predicted and known delay times for an existing dataset. Delay time between seed detection and fluid dispenser actuation can be expressed with the following equation (where Delay=the time between seed detection and fluid dispenser actuation, c is the empirical adjustment to correct for assumptions, and the other terms are defined above):	0
A control 400 for the engine is illustrated schematically in FIG. 1. A method of control is described below with reference to FIG. 2. When the control receives a request to increase thrust, such as from the throttle 401 in the cockpit, the control may do several things relatively quickly. Typically a controlling valve in the fuel pump system 500 is adjusted to increase fuel flow rate. This causes fan speed, thrust, and high spool speed begin to increase with varying dynamics. High compressor outlet pressure also increases, faster than its speed, driving the high pressure compressor 52 toward stall, which is undesirable. To avoid stall, fuel flow rate is typically held below a threshold that varies with a high spool speed thus limiting the rate at which thrust can be increased. As the high spool speed nears its new steady state, the airflow stability margin is restored, at a higher pressure ratio. Increasing thrust with fuel flow is sustainable, but its rate is limited because it decreases airflow stability margin transitorily.	0
As illustrated in FIG. 1, the device 100 is configured to be worn on a person's torso, and has two electrodes that detect electrical signals associated with heart contractions. Although not shown in FIG. 1, the electrodes are on the side of a strap 104 that contacts the user's chest. The electrodes are positioned to either side of the housing of the device. However, as shown in FIG. 2, the electrodes may be also be integrated with a housing 106 of the device. Unlike conventional chest worn heart rate monitors that wirelessly transmit heart rate information continuously to a secondary display device such a watch or a bike computer, the present device may store the heart rate data in a local memory, and can be controlled to transmit or not transmit signals to a secondary device, such as a smart phone, smart watch, tablet, dedicated display device, personal computer, or other computing device with a display, for real-time display or storage (see, e.g., FIG. 8). Alternatively, the device may store the heart rate data, in raw or processed form, and transmit the data to a separate device for display, storage, synchronization with cloud storage, synchronization with social activity apps, and the like. Accordingly, the present device is suitable for providing real-time display of various detected and calculated parameters as well as recording those parameters for later display, processing, analyzing, and/or sharing.	0
Next, the processing control section 260 switches the transmission and reception switching circuit 264 so as to be connected to the receiving side terminal R. Then, each loop coil of the X-axis direction loop coil group 21 and the Y-axis direction loop coil group 22 receives an electromagnetic induction signal transmitted from the pen type position indicator 100 . The processing control section 260 calculates a position indicated by the pen type position indicator 100 as respective coordinate values in the X-axis direction and the Y-axis direction in the position detecting area 25 of the sensor section 20 on the basis of the level of the voltage value of induced voltage generated in each loop coil. The processing control section 260 then supplies the information of the calculated coordinate values to an external personal computer, for example.	0
Leu Leu Ala Asp Gly Val Ser Cys Thr Pro Thr Val Glu Tyr Pro Cys	0
FIGS. 11-17 are elevational cross-sections of media drying systems for removing a moistening liquid from a moistened medium according to various aspects; and	0
Specific examples of alkenyloxy include —OCH 2 CH═CH 2 , —OCH 2 CH═CHCH 3 and —OCH 2 CH═CHC 2 H 5 .	0
It is required to contain colloidal silica in a proportion of 0.5 to 10 mol in terms of SiO 2 relative to PO 4 :1 mol in the phosphates mentioned above. The colloidal silica forms a low thermal expansion glass with the phosphates mentioned above to produce tension induced by a coating, and thus is an essential component. To demonstrate the effects as mentioned, it is preferable that the proportion be 0.5 mol or more and 10 mol or less in terms of SiO 2 relative to PO 4 :1 mol in the phosphates mentioned above.	0
Methods and devices described herein relate to improved creation of a cavity within bone or other hard tissue where the cavity is created by displacement of the tissue. In a first example, a method according to the present disclosure includes treating a vertebral body or other bone structure. In one variation, the method includes providing an elongate tool having a sharp tip configured for penetration into vertebral bone, the tool having an axis extending from a proximal end to a working end thereof, where the working end comprises at least a first sleeve concentrically located within a second sleeve and a third sleeve located concentrically about the second sleeve, where each sleeve comprises a series of slots or notches to limit deflection of the working end to a first curved configuration in a single plane and where the respective series of slots or notches are radially offset in each sleeve; advancing the working end through vertebral bone; causing the working end to move from a linear configuration to a curved configuration by translating the first sleeve relative to the second sleeve in an axial direction; and moving the working end in the curved configuration within the bone to create a cavity therein. Translating of the first sleeve relative to the second sleeve can include moving either sleeve or both sleeves in an axial direction. Additional variations include moving one or both sleeves in a rotational direction to produce relative axial displacement between sleeves.	0
All embodiments of the coloring system, coloring compositions, or coloring processes can be used in an interchangeable manner and all embodiments can be used together, as allowable.	0
When the character string as the processing target has non-uniform pitch between characters or character widths, or when a space between the adjacent characters is small, the difference between the portion corresponding to a character and a portion corresponding to the background portion is unclear also in the projected pattern. Thus, the cutting out of a character might fail.	0
The individual mirrors 23 of the second group can have a smaller overall displacement extent than the individual mirrors 23 of the first group. The overall displacement extent of the individual mirrors 23 of the second group can be in particular less than 50 mrad, in particular less than 30 mrad, in particular less than 20 mrad, in particular less than 10 mrad. This assists the quick displacement of the individual mirrors 23 of the second group.	0
(2) combining the known parameters of the shield machine and geological parameters of construction, calculating the total propulsion force F t of a propulsion oil cylinder of the shield machine, the head friction F 2 of a cutting disk of the shield machine, the friction F 3 between a tail seal of the shield machine and a pipe sheet, the friction F 4 between a wheel set of a backup trailer and steel rails, and the axial component force F 5 produced by water and earth pressure acted on a cutter when the cutting disk has a cutting action;	0
On a back surface side of the pump body 33 , an attachment surface 33 e configured to be attached to the chain saw body 2 is formed (refer to FIG. 3C and FIG. 3D). The oil pump 30 is configured so that the attachment surface 33 e formed (provided) on the pump body 33 can be attached to the chain saw body 2 . The attachment surface 33 e is formed as a surface corresponding to the predetermined position of the chain saw body 2 . In this embodiment, the attachment surface 33 e (and the predetermined position of the chain saw body 2 ) is a flat surface, and is formed to have an extended portion extending to a side (here, downward) opposite the opening 33 a (that is, the drive worm 10 side) (refer to FIG. 3C). An intermediate portion in the longitudinal direction of the pump body 33 includes the attachment surface 33 e and is formed wider than other portions, and a front side (that is, a side opposite the attachment surface 33 e of the pump body 33 ) of the intermediate portion is formed into a flat surface parallel to the attachment surface 33 e (refer to FIG. 3C, FIG. 3D and FIG. 5).	0
FIG. 3 is a cross-sectional perspective view taken along line A-A of FIG. 1.	0
FIG. 20 is a brick cutting pattern for the building panel of the present invention.	0
Turning now to FIG. 6, a process for transmitting dive device data in accordance with an embodiment of the invention is shown. The process 600 includes obtaining ( 610 ) dive device data, storing ( 612 ) dive device data, returning ( 614 ) to the surface, and transmitting ( 614 ) dive device data. Specific processes are described above with respect to transmitting dive device data; however, any of a variety of techniques can be utilized to transmit dive device data as appropriate to the requirements of specific applications in accordance with embodiments of the invention.	0
As used herein, the direction along x-axis (into the page of FIG. 1A) is referred to as the cross-track axis. The direction along the z-axis is referred to herein as the down-track axis, with reference to trailing edge 156 . The direction along the y-axis is referred herein as the lapping direction (direction of material removal) or the reader stripe height direction and writer break-point direction.	0
The objective of the present invention is to have a computer-based application that allows for upload of insurance-related documentation as well as tracking their progress. It also combines insurance approval functionality with patient-reported questionnaires and outcomes tracking.	0
Surfactants also are commonly used to control protein conformational stability. The use of surfactants in this regard is protein-specific since, any given surfactant typically will stabilize some proteins and destabilize others.	0
A novelty of this invention compared to typical fuel flow only control, is a multivariable control law that coordinates the variation of fuel flow and fan area in a manner that increases the rate of thrust change while mitigating the decrease in airflow stability margin. A fuel flow rate can be increased faster than is typical because increasing fan area in a coordinated fashion mitigates the loss of airflow stability margin. To increase thrust, fan nozzle 200 would initially open and later may partially close. The coordinated net effects will be a weighted sum of the effects of using fuel alone and using the fan nozzle 200 alone. Compared to using fuel flow alone, thrust and high spool speed increase faster, airflow stability loss is less, and the fan speed accelerates less quickly. Compared to changing the nozzle area alone, the fan speed does not drop thus producing a sustainable thrust change. Those skilled the art will know that vane angles 184 and other fan stream B effectors may also be coordinated with nozzle area and fuel flow to further enhance transient performance.	0
In preferred embodiments, the composition of the wax phase has a melting point or melting range of above 25° C., preferably in the range of 30 to 45° C., more preferably in the range of 32 to 40° C.	0
When the outside air temperature is lower than the predetermined temperature, and a heating demand is less than a predetermined level, the coolant flow mode may be switched to the engine-heating heat pump mode.	0
In one example, the curves 101 of the base plate 101 shown in FIG. 20 are distributed along a circular path 2203 or arranged inside said circular path 2203 . This produces an extrusion arrangement that is particularly efficient in terms of construction space. The circular path 2203 may for example be determined by a suitable extrusion tool.	0
FIG. 22 is a diagram showing an embodiment in which a phase manipulation command is smoothly executed.	0
Steam superheated to 500° C. is generated by introducing lower temperature steam into the heat exchanger and superheater 611 , which extracts heat from the high CO syngas. Table 29 illustrates the quantity and quality of the products departing the metal filter 617 . TABLE 29 Output from Metal Filter Material Rate (Temperature) Composition (tonnes/hr) High CO syngas stream CO - 37.1% (250° C.) CO 2 - 40.7% H 2 - 1.8% H 2 O - 19.7% N 2 - 0.6% H 2 S - 0.05% COS - 0.01% Total 413 Captured Dust SnS - 90.1% Separated from Gas CaO - 2.4% (250° C.) SiO 2 - 3.1% Ash - 4.4% Total 27.6	0
At 820 , the process 800 can receive the timing signal at the random time. At 830 , the process 800 can use the timing signal to determine one or all of a time, longitude, or latitude. For example, the UTC time can be determined using the timing signal. For example, the timing signals from multiple transmitter sites can be used to determine the longitude and/or the latitude of a receiver receiving the timing signals. That is, the process 800 can determine positioning, timing, and/or navigation (PNT) information. The process 800 can use the timing signal, in conjunction with timing signals received from other transmitter sites to determine the PNT.	0
when two R 3 s together form a ring, they form a C 3-5 divalent group and examples of the divalent group include a trimethylene group and a tetramethylene group.	0
FIG. 7H is a sectional side and top view of an elastic valve seat according to another embodiment embedded in a pump body;	0
Leu Glu Ile Val Arg Arg Asp Trp Ser Glu Ile Ala Lys Glu Thr Gln	0
Examples of such antibodies include AM64 antibody (Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) 3-219894), 4B11 antibody and 2H4 antibody (U.S. Pat. No. 5,571,513), B-S12 antibody and B-P8 antibody (Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) 8-291199).	0
A dry 1 L three-neck round bottom flask was flushed with N 2 and was charged with benzo[1,2-b:4,5-b′]dithiophene (5.20 g, 26.3 mmol) and anhydrous tetrahydrofuran (THF) (300 mL, 0.01 M) via deoxygenated syringe. The reaction flask was cooled to −78° C. and a 1.3 M solution of tert-butyl lithium in hexanes (53.0 mL, 68.8 mmol) was added dropwise via deoxygenated syringe. After 30 minutes of stirring at −78° C., the solution was chilled to 0° C. and stirring was continued for 5 minutes, at which point the reaction mixture was cooled back to −78° C. A 1 M solution of trimethyltin chloride (105 mL, 100 mmol) in hexanes was added to the reaction flask dropwise and stirring continued for 30 minutes at −76° C. The cooling bath was removed and the reaction mixture was allowed to warm to ambient temperature. As the reaction was completed, cool DI water (50 mL) was slowly added to the reaction flask. Then, the reaction mixture was poured into 300 mL of cool water and extracted with MTBE (300 mL) three times. The combined organic layer was washed with water two times and dried over anhydrous magnesium sulfate (MgSO 4 ). After the product was filtered, the solvent was removed by rotary evaporation. The crude product was purified by precipitation into methanol from a THF solution to yield white solid (12.0 g, 88%).	0
In this embodiment, the wireless LAN module 221 , the network control microcomputer 202 , and the projector control microcomputer 203 are operable by receiving the DC power from an AC power supply 220 , which will be described later, regardless of whether the projector 100 is in the operating state or the standby state. The operating state of the projector 100 is a state where the light source 216 is turned on and the image projection is performed (or image projection can be performed immediately). On the other hand, the standby state is a state where the light source 216 is turned off and the image projection is not (or is not able to be) performed.	0
Each of the above isotropic elastic conductors 51 , which is made of isotropic conductive rubber, has the elasticity of being able to deform when applied with a force and recovering its shape when the force is released, and whose conductivity does not change even when applied with pressure.	0
The cell playback sequence by the user-defined PGC information table UD_PGCIT 2214 may be made completely different from the cell playback sequence by the original PGC information ORG_PGCI 2213 . The playback time can be correlated to the addresses of the VOBUs to be reproduced, referring to the contents of the time entry and VOBU entry in the time map information TMAPI.	0
In the case where each of two wind boxes on both front and rear sides of the discharge port 29 (in FIG. 3, left and right sides of the discharge port 29 ) are located adjacent to the discharge port 29 , the wind box closest to the discharge port 29 means the two wind boxes . However, in view of desirable temperature control of the entire fluidized bed 14 , it is preferable to control the upside region corresponding to one of the wind boxes on a rear (in FIG. 3, right) side of the discharge port 29 .	0
In the thus configured liquid ejection head 234 , a drive waveform corresponding to a drive pulse voltage ranging from approximately 10 V to approximately 50 V is applied to the piezoelectric elements 121 in accordance with a record signal. Thereby, displacement in the lamination direction occurs in the piezoelectric elements 121 , and pressure is applied to the liquid pressurizing chambers 106 via the diaphragm 102 . As a result, the pressure in the liquid pressurizing chambers 106 is increased, and the ink droplets are ejected from the nozzles 104 .	0
In the configuration as illustrated in FIG. 4, however, the addition of the protection metal layer 17 - 3 d may decrease freedom in layout of the internal wiring located on the input-and-output cell. For example, a reduction or a relocation of a power supply wiring located on the input-and-output cell may have an effect on the performance of the integrated circuit. Therefore, the addition of the protection metal layer under the probing pad is not so advantageous.	0
On the other hand, a width G between the flat bottom portion 2 a of the transfer jack 2 and a base portion side end portion of the stitch loop hooking portion 8 , which a hook portion 10 of the knitting needle 4 b enters into the stitch loop 6 from a direction of the tip portion of the transfer jack 2 is to confront, is reduced, however since a height H of a side face erected from the base portion side end portion of the stitch loop hooking portion 8 (stitch loop stopper 13 ) is greater than the width E of the hook portion 10 of the knitting needle 4 b , there is no inconvenience for the hook portion 10 of the knitting needle 4 b in receiving the stitch loop 6 from the stitch loop hooking portion 8 .	0
As colors not sharing one power line are driven at the same time, a voltage drop is avoided which would otherwise occur if all colors share one power line. An interval between the respective cycles may be an ink firing cycle (T) of each nozzle, and firing of nozzles of each color is completed within half the time of the ink firing cycle (T).	0
The present invention has arisen to mitigate and/or obviate the afore-described disadvantages of the structures for the conventional triangular rules.	0
Examples of settable ranges and desirable values of Vcc, Vee, Vref, Vh, Vpre, and Vinv in the first embodiment will be described below.	0
Optical Anisotropy (refractive index anisotropy; Δn): Measurements were carried out by means of Abbe refractometer with a polarizing plate mounted on an ocular by using light at a wavelength of 589 nanometers at a temperature of 25° C. A surface of a main prism was rubbed in one direction, and then a sample (a mixture of the compound and the mother liquid crystals) was added dropwise onto the main prism. A refractive index (nil) was measured when the direction of polarized light was parallel to the direction of rubbing. A refractive index (n1) was measured when the direction of polarized light was perpendicular to the direction of rubbing. Values of optical anisotropy (Δn) were calculated from an equation:	0
The present invention may also include a method of fracturing a formation in a cased well comprising the steps of (a) providing a tool string with a jetting tool thereon wherein the jetting tool has jetting nozzles disposed in a plurality of substantially parallel planes, (b) lowering the tool string into a well such that the jetting head is adjacent to a desired location, and (c) jetting fluid from jetting nozzles such that cavities in the formation at the desired location overlap into one generally coplanar cavity. The coplanar cavity is preferably radially outward of the casing.	0
In this fixing structure, a rigid connecting pipe 204 is formed with a bulge portion 202 . The connecting pipe 204 is press-fitted or force-fitted in the rubber hose 200 , a hose end portion 200 A is fastened by a hose clamp 206 on an outer peripheral surface thereof on the connecting pipe 204 , and thereby the rubber hose 200 is fixed to the connecting pipe 204 to provide a stop relative to the connecting pipe 204 .	0
In some embodiments, data in the set of parameterized resource outputs 314 that is communicated to the computer system for a node 504 of a process run 502 comprises a node identifier 406 (e.g., an instrument identifier such as a Bluetooth UUID), an identification of a process version 404 , and a value for a parameterized resource input 410 . In some embodiments the data is in the form of a JSON structure. See the Internet at json.org.	0
FIG. 20 illustrates superimposed longitudinal cross-sectional views of such a bit body 10 with and without the associated sleeve 60 and core shoe 42 disposed in the cavity 38 of the bit body 10 . The bit body 10 and the sleeve 60 of FIG. 20 may be configured similarly to those of FIGS. 1-7; therefore, like components are represented by like reference numbers. The bit body 10 may have an inner cavity 38 extending longitudinally therethrough and bounded by an inner surface 40 of the bit body 10 . The cavity 38 may be substantially cylindrical, although other configurations are within the scope of the present disclosure. The cavity 38 of the bit body 10 may be configured to receive a core shoe 42 therein. A single face discharge channel 134 may have an annular shape in a lateral plane and may extend from an inlet 136 of the face discharge channel 134 to a plurality of face discharge outlets 132 . An annular reservoir 66 may be located longitudinally upward of the face discharge channel inlet 136 and radially between the inner surface 40 of the bit body 10 and the outer surface 54 of the core shoe 42 . Drilling fluid circulating into the annular region 52 collects in the annular reservoir 66 , where the drilling fluid can feed into the face discharge channel inlet 136 or the throat discharge channel 68 for delivery to the face surface 12 .	0
HOOC—CF 2 —(OC 2 F 4 ) p (OCF 2 ) q —OCF 2 COOH (2b)	0
There has long been a need for a very inexpensive holder for four-in-hand neckties which will position the necktie properly at the front of the shirt without employing means which penetrates the tie or grips the tie clamping-ly. Such a holding device ideally should be invisible during use and should be capable of holding the tie without damaging the same in any way. Numerous hardware-type clasps, chains, pins, clips and the like have been proposed in the prior art but all of these items present the possibility of snagging, tearing, twisting or damaging the necktie fabric which is freqently delicate and quite expensive. Certain other prior art devices involve magnets which are expensive and awkward to use and pin elements which require penetrating the tie.	0
The cited references cited herein, regardless of how characterized, are not admitted as prior art relative to the disclosure of the subject matter claimed herein.	0
FIG. 1 is a bottom view of a rear part of a motor vehicle incorporated with a vapor storage canister arrangement given as a first embodiment of the present invention;	0
Glu Lys Thr Ile Ser Lys Ala Lys Gly Gln Pro Arg Glu Pro Gln Val	0
The positive electrode current collector 11 and the negative electrode current collector 21 used for the positive electrode 1 and the negative electrode 2 are members that contribute to collecting and supplying electrons generated in the active material due to a cell reaction. Such a current collector may be a sheet-like metal member and may have a porous or perforated form. For example, the current collector may be a metal foil, a punching metal, a net, an expanded metal, or the like. The positive electrode current collector 11 used for the positive electrode 1 is preferably made from a metal foil containing at least one kind selected from a group consisting of aluminum, stainless steel, nickel, and the like, and may be, for example, an aluminum foil. On the other hand, the negative electrode current collector 21 used for the negative electrode 2 is preferably made from a metal foil containing at least one kind selected from a group consisting of copper, stainless steel, nickel, and the like, and may be, for example, a copper foil.	0
Another aspect provides a method of configuring a telemetry system. The method comprises receiving first information and in response to receiving the first information, configuring a first telemetry controller to transmit a first sensor information on a first telemetry subsystem. The method further comprises receiving second information, and in response to receiving the second information, reconfiguring the first telemetry controller to transmit a second sensor information on the first telemetry subsystem. The work mode may be controlled by downlink information.	0
The term “removing the sequence coding for the binding site of the small RNA sgrS” means that the binding site of the small RNA sgrS (SEQ ID NO: 19) is deleted totally or partially so as to prevent the binding of small RNA sgrS on the gene ptsG.	0
FIG. 6 is a 3D perspective view of an impeller according to another embodiment;	0
FIG. 5 is a C-C cross-sectional view of FIG. 3C.	0
The embroidery frame 34 is moved to a position for an image of the image number “3” (step S 2 ), and then the image is picked up by the image sensor 90 (step S 3 ). The picked up image is stored as a partial image of the image number “3” in the partial image storage area 631 (step S 4 ). The partial image 103 shown in FIG. 15 is an example of the partial image of the image number “3.” The example shown in FIG. 15 is a partial image of a left front portion of the embroidery area and the embroidery frame 34 in a case where the picture of the flower is arranged at substantially the middle of the embroidery area in the embroidery frame 34 . Since variable n is “3,” not all the images have been picked up yet (NO at step S 5 ). 1 is added to variable n, so that the variable becomes “4” (step S 6 ). Then, the CPU 61 returns to the step of the instruction for moving the embroidery frame 34 (step S 2 ).	0
Table 27 illustrates the output from the dry bottom quench 609 . In the quench, the temperature of the products drops to 700° C., some of the high CO syngas stream reacts with steam to form additional H 2 and the dust gains particulate SnS from condensation of volatile tin compounds. TABLE 27 Output from dry bottom quench Material Rate (Temperature) Composition (tonnes/hr) High CO syngas stream CO - 37.1% (700° C.) CO 2 - 40.7% H 2 - 1.8% H 2 O - 19.7% N 2 - 0.6% H 2 S - 0.05% COS - 0.01% Total 413 Dust SnS - 90.1% (700° C.) CaO - 2.4% SiO 2 - 3.1% Ash - 4.4% Total 27.6	0
Leu Val Ser Leu Asp Phe Arg Ala Leu Tyr Pro Ser Ile Ile Ile Thr	0
The present invention relates generally to dynamic programmable logic arrays (DPLA's), and more particularly, to a DPLA having enable unit(s) in the OR-plane such that a clock signal is not used in the OR-plane.	0
While not wishing to be bound by theory, it is believed that the dispersion retained by the ultrafiltration disk (the retained dispersion) includes the colloidal silica particles and any chemical compounds (e.g., cationic compounds) that may be associated with the surface of the particles (e.g., bonded or attached to or electrostatically interacting with the particle. surface). At least a portion of the liquid carrier and the chemical compounds dissolved therein pass through the ultrafiltration disk. Replenishing the retained dispersion to the original volume is believed to upset the equilibrium in the original polishing composition such that the chemical compounds associated with the particle surface may tend towards a new equilibrium. Compounds that are strongly associated (e.g., covalently bonded) with the particle surface remain on the surface such that there tends to be little if any change in the positive zeta potential of the particle. In contrast, a portion of compounds that have a weaker association (e.g., an electrostatic interaction) with the particle surface may return to the solution as the system tends towards the new equilibrium thereby resulting in a reduction in the positive zeta potential. Repeating this process for a total of three ultrafiltration and replenishing cycles is believed to amplify the above described effect.	0
A process for utilizing configurable dive masks in accordance with an embodiment of the invention is conceptually illustrated in FIG. 3. The process 300 includes obtaining configuration data ( 310 ), and, in a variety of embodiments, submersion is detected ( 312 ). Dive device data is obtained ( 314 ), analyzed ( 316 ), and displayed ( 316 ).	0
The conditional probabilities P(F|L) shown above are obtained from GGN and background intensity distributions, which are both modeled by a Gaussian distribution as shown below in Equation 3, P ⁡ ( F = f | L = l ) = 1 2 ⁢ ⁢ π ⁢ σ ⁢ exp ⁡ [ - 1 2 ⁢ σ 2 ⁢ ( f - μ l ) 2 ] [ 3 ] where μ 1 is the mean value for the GGN or background intensity.	0
The metal housing 311 has a cross-sectional U-shaped accommodation portion main body 311 a open downward and a cross-sectional U-shaped base plate 311 b open upward to form an internal space S accommodating the circuit substrate 33 or the like. In addition, the electrical connector 32 is provided on the side of the front end portion of the circuit substrate 33 to be accommodated on the side of the front end portion of the metal housing 311 . The fixing member 35 is attached on the side of the rear end portion of the metal housing 311 . In the embodiment, the metal housing 311 is made of a metal material having high thermal conductivity (preferably equal to or more than 100 W/m·K) such as steel (Fe-based), tin (tin-plated copper), stainless steel, copper, brass or aluminum, thereby serving to outwardly radiate heat generated from the circuit substrate 33 or the like.	0
Right lane 5: same experiment was performed by adding dATP (300 μM)	0
An aerosol-generating article may be used together with an aerosol-generating device described above, or with an aerosol generating device according to another embodiment. The aerosol-generating article may also be used with other aerosol generating devices (not described in this document).	0
Tyr Tyr Gly Tyr Ala Lys Ala Arg Trp Tyr Cys Lys Glu Cys Ala Glu	0
In an embodiment, the lubricant additive composition further comprises an organic tungsten composition. While not wanting to be bound by theory, it is understood that the organic tungsten composition promotes the formation of a colloidal dispersion of the borate, the tungsten disulfide, the anti-scuff agent, and the borate ester. In an embodiment the borate, the tungsten disulfide, the anti-scuff agent, and the borate ester form a colloidal dispersion when suitably dispersed in the base oil. When a colloidal dispersion is formed, the dispersed particles, e.g., borate, the tungsten disulfide, the anti-scuff agent, and the borate ester, do not substantially settle and are therefore desirably available to be present at the moving surfaces as opposed to forming a sediment. In addition, in the colloidal dispersion, the aggregation of particles is substantially or effectively prevented, further improving the activity or effectiveness of the borate, the tungsten disulfide, the anti-scuff agent, and the borate ester.	0
This application is a non-provisional application claiming priority from the U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 61/237,891, filed on Aug. 28, 2009, entitled “ROTATIONAL MOLDED ARTICLES, AND METHOD OF MAKING THE SAME,” the teachings of which are incorporated by reference herein, as if reproduced in full hereinbelow.	0
The filling yarn inserter 180 is slidably supported at the outboard end of the base carrier 199 by filling yarn inserter support members having a low coefficient of friction. The support members are mounted on a filling yarn inserter support ring which is substantially concentric with the main drive gear and supported by cantilevered brackets which are secured to the gear supports.	0
Referring to FIGS. 3A-3B and 4, in another aspect, the system 10 is configured to operate the headlights when the vehicle is in a relatively lower-visibility radius terrain area (i.e., in terrain where the visibility of oncoming traffic is limited to below a certain threshold distance, for example, 500 feet). This may increase the visibility of the vehicle to oncoming traffic in such areas, especially in high-speed environments where driver reaction time is further reduced. Location information relating to such lower visibility-radius terrain areas may be flagged on GPS maps or navigation systems as stretches of road. Alternatively, the location information may be saved in a memory for comparison to current vehicle coordinates, as previously described. Lower visibility-radius terrain areas may be identified, for example, by traversing such areas in a vehicle or by examining satellite photographs of areas deemed to be potential lower-visibility radius terrain areas.	0
The described methods may allow prediction of renal proximal tubule-specific toxicity in humans with high accuracy at an early pre-clinical stage, which has not previously been possible. Such prediction could provide additional valuable information during hit-to-lead discovery and lead optimization in developing pharmaceutical drugs, as well as allowing investigation of underlying mechanisms of PT-specific toxicity at an early stage. Pre-clinical results reliably predicting PT-specific toxicity would also help to design clinical studies and to decide whether a more extensive and more frequent clinical safety assessment would be required or patients with an increased risk of nephrotoxicity (e.g. advanced age, diabetes) should be excluded from Phase II studies until more information has been obtained. In this regard it is interesting to note that tetracycline consistently gave positive results when tested in the method, as described in the following examples. This drug has usually no obvious nephrotoxic effects, but can induce AKI and ESRD in patients with pre-existing kidney disease (51, 52). Novel biomarkers for detecting kidney toxicity (31-35) would be expected to be valuable in clinical studies where careful monitoring of nephrotoxic effects, as predicted by pre-clinical models, should be performed.	0
The fastener 60 b fixed to one (trailing-side) end of the toothed belt 60 a is fastened to the first belt joining portion 50 b provided on the trailing-side end of the lower end 50 a of the extension portion 50 of the base segment 42 . The fastener 60 b fixed to the other (leading-side) end of the toothed belt 60 a is fastened to the second belt joining portion 50 c provided on the leading-side end of the lower end 50 a of the extension portion 50 of the base segment 42 through an adjustment mechanism 62 capable of adjusting tension of the toothed belt 60 a . Based on this structure, the toothed belt 60 a is tightened with a given tension, between the first belt joining portion 50 b and the second belt joining portion 50 c . Thus, when the driving pulley 59 a is rotated according to driving of the motor 58 , the belt member 60 is moved according to the rotation of the driving pulley 59 a , so that the door 14 is pulled by the belt member 60 and thereby moved forwardly or backwardly.	0
In some embodiments, a bottom skin is formed using the PMX (e.g., as an intermediate). The PMX bottom skin layer may be re-transformed to create a denser structure (e.g., denser bottom skin layer). The external surface of the resulting densified structure may be (e.g., substantially) smooth. For example, the densified structure may be (e.g., substantially) free of hanging structure (e.g., stalactite-like strictures). In one embodiment, a portion of the PMX bottom skin is re-transformed to generate a partial densified layer (e.g., densified material) and a partial porous matrix layer. The one or more rigid-portions may be coupled to the PMX structure. Prior to densification of the PMX, the porous matrix may be filled at least in part with pre-transformed (e.g., particulate) material. Once filled at least in part, at least a portion of the PMX may be transformed using the transforming energy beam. When a plurality of layers (e.g., PMX or pre-transformed material layers) are transformed (e.g., using the transforming energy beam), the process is also referred to herein as “deep tiling”). The term “deep tiling” refers herein to irradiating a plurality of layers (e.g., PMX, dense layers, and/or pre-transformed material layers). The deep tiling process may result in forming a melt pool that spans more than one layer (e.g. >50 microns), that is, has a height (e.g., FIG. 25A, 2510) of more than one layer. The layer size may be defined by the 3D printing process (e.g., by a layer that is dispensed by the layer dispensing mechanism). For example, the height (e.g. FIG. 25A, 2510) of a melt pool in deep tiling can be in the range of about 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 1100, 1200, 1300, 1400, 1500, 1600, 1700, 1800, 1900 or 2000 microns. The formation of the deep tiles can be initiated from a position adjacent to, or comprising a previously formed 3D object portion (e.g., a rigid structure). The formation of the deep tiles can be initiated from a position adjacent to, or comprising the overhang. In some embodiments, the farthest tile from the previously formed 3D object portion (e.g., rigid-portion) may be transformed last. In some embodiments, die operation is repeated until at least the overhang portion is completely densified and reaches a minimum height threshold, after which deformation is not substantial. The threshold height may be, for example, at least 1 mm, 1.5 mm, 2 mm, 2.5 mm, 3 mm, 3.5 mm, 4 mm, 4.5 mm and/or 5 mm, depending on the material of the material bed. The deep tile formed by deep tiling may protrude to at least about half the total thickness of the forming 3D object. The deep tile formed by deep tiling may protrude at least about two layers.	0
The lens holding member 1 is made of synthetic resin and formed in a tubular shape so as to be capable of holding a lens body, as illustrated in FIGS. 3A and 3B. The lens holding member 1 has a tubular portion 1 h having a tubular shape. The tubular portion 1 h has both ends open and has a hollow opening 1 g . On an inner circumferential wall of the opening 1 g , a screw thread is formed so as to hold the lens body. On an outer circumferential surface of the tubular portion 1 h , coil holding units 1 q that protrude outward are disposed at equal intervals at four positions. In this embodiment, the coil holding units 1 q are disposed on the X1 and X2 sides and Y1 and Y2 sides of the tubular portion 1 h . On a first end side (Z1 side) of the tubular portion 1 h , upper leaf spring receiving portions 1 k that extend in directions away from the outer circumferential surface at the end portion are formed. The upper leaf spring receiving portions 1 k are disposed at opposing positions across the opening 1 g . In this embodiment, upper leaf spring receiving portions 1 k are disposed on the X1 and X2 sides, one at each side, so as to be continuous with the corresponding coil holding units 1 q.	0
FIG. 24 is a schematic diagram illustrating the support state of the upper conveyor.	0
The prefix “hetero” means that the compound or group includes at least one ring that is a heteroatom (e.g., 1, 2, or 3 heteroatom(s)), wherein the heteroatom(s) is each independently N, O, S, Si, or P.	0
The working end 24 comprises an elongated body or shaft 25 of a generally, but not necessarily, circular cross section since shafts of other cross sections may be used and are contemplated. The shaft defines a rear portion 38 , a middle portion 39 , and a front portion 40 . The rear portion 38 has an end 41 that is also the distal end of the shaft 25 , and a configured section 42 along a length of a proximate area of the rear portion 38 between the end 41 and the middle portion 39 . The configured section 42 is formed by a plurality of circular grooves 66 on the surface of the configured section 42 that are axially spaced apart from one another to form ridges 67 between the grooves 66 . As explained further below, the retention mechanism 21 interacts with a groove 66 and adjacent ridges 67 to fix the shaft 25 onto the handle 22 (when the surgical instrument is in the bayonet version). Of course, other configurations may be used for the configured section 42 .	0
The presence of pharmaceutically inert fatty materials having a specific gravity of less than one decrease the hydrophilicity and increase the buoyancy of the dosage form.	0
TABLE 7 PK study outline No. of animals/ Dose group/ Dose Level Injected Time-Points Treated time Level (μg per Vol. Con. (hours post- Groups Test Article point (μg/kg) animal) (μl) (μg/ml) dose) A rFIX 8 100 20 500 40 0 (Pre-dose) 0.083, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 7, 10, 24, 48, 72. B rFIX-CTP 8 100 20 500 40 0 (Pre-dose) (harvest) 0.083, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 7, 10, 24, 48, 72. C rFIX-CTP- 6 100 20 500 40 0 (Pre-dose) CTP(harvest) 0.083, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 7, 10, 24, 48, 72. D rFIX-CTP- 4 100 20 500 40 0.083, 0.5 1, 2, CTP 4, 7, 10, 24, 4, (purified) 8, 72.	0
The control circuit will also typically include some form of timing mechanism to allow precise control of activation of the light source when a FIRE command is received by the transceiver. The control circuit will invariably be an integrated circuit. Such circuits are well known in the art. They are used for example in electronic detonators in order to control detonator functionality and timed initiation. One skilled in the art would therefore be familiar with the design of and componentry required in such circuits.	0
The film of the invention contains at least one liquid crystalline compound. As the liquid crystalline compound to be used in the invention, a compound having a high intrinsic refractive index. Concerning the structure, a rod-shaped compound or a discotic compound is preferred. Among all, a compound having three or more aromatic ring is preferable. A rod-shaped compound having from 3 to 9, in particular, from 5 to 7 aromatic rings is preferred. In the case of a discotic compound, one having from 4 to 16, in particular, from 5 to 10 aromatic rings is preferred.	0
Anti-IL-6 receptor antibodies for use in the present invention can be obtained as polyclonal or monoclonal antibodies using a known method. As the anti-IL-6 antibodies for use in the present invention, monoclonal antibodies of, in particular, a mammalian origin, are preferred. Monoclonal antibodies of a mammalian origin include those produced by a hybridoma and those produced by a host which has been transformed with an expression vector containing genetically engineered antibody genes. The antibodies, via binding to IL-6 receptor, inhibit the binding of IL-6 to IL-6 receptor, and thereby block the transduction of the biological activity of IL-6 into the cell.	0
According to some embodiments, features may be included in a compressor/expander device to balance the flow of air and/or liquid between a manifold and pockets of air under the dividers of a pressure vessel. The flow may be balanced such that the air/liquid interface of each of the dividers of a pressure vessel, or some portion of the dividers of a pressure vessel, may move within dividers synchronously, such as to reach upper walls of the dividers at a common time. In this respect, areas for heat transfer between air at the air/liquid interface and at the air/divider interface may be maintained in each of the dividers throughout a compression and/or expansion process. In some embodiments, ports between the manifold and each of the dividers may be sized differently to accomplish balanced flow. Additionally and/or alternatively, ports between the manifold and dividers may include valves to provide balanced flow. The ports and/or valves may be configured to account for the gravitationally induced pressure gradient in the pressure vessel. For example, the ports near the bottom of the pressure vessel may be sized smaller than the ports near the top of the pressure vessel in order to accommodate the higher pressures expected at the bottom of the pressure vessel.	0
In an embodiment of the heated aerosol-generating system, the system may include a heated aerosol-generating article according to the second aspect of the invention, and an electrically-operated aerosol-generating device, the electrically-operated aerosol-generating device including structure for heating the aerosol-forming substrate so as to form an aerosol. The heated aerosol-generating system may include a piercing element for piercing the frangible capsule.	0
Alternatively, the third layer 106 can be formed from other types of intumescent material that can expand in both the primary and secondary directions, but do not include a thermoplastic material, including solid, silicate-based materials such as Palusol®. The presence of fasteners extending through the third layer 106 , and the bonding of the third layer 106 between the first and second layers 102 , 104 can control the effects of creep and atmospheric reactivity associated with such known materials. Further the use of relatively high strength materials to form the first and second layers 102 , 104 allows the use of intumescent materials that would otherwise be unsuitable in the load bearing edges of a fire door to form the third layer 106 .	0
In U.S. Pat. No. 6,736,761 B2, entitled “Stationary Bicycle Resistance Generator,” a support unit is disposed to suspend a bicycle wheel of a stationary bicycle exerciser from a ground surface so as to permit rotation of the bicycle wheel. A resistance unit includes a friction wheel which is rotatably mounted on a rotating shaft and which frictionally engages the bicycle wheel to be rotated therewith, a magnetically attractive member which is mounted on the rotating shaft and which is disposed at a side of the friction wheel, and a plurality of magnets which surround the magnetically attractive member and which are angularly displaced from one another such that, when the bicycle wheel is rotated by means of a pedaling action to rotate the friction wheel, a magnetically induced resistance force is generated by the magnets and is imparted to the bicycle wheel for training purposes.	0
FIG. 20B is a side view of a bladder of a football in accordance with another alternative preferred embodiment of the present invention.	0
(where R 5 is a hydrogen atom, a C 1-22 alkyl group, a C 1-4 alkoxy group, or a C 6-10 aryl group (the aryl group is unsubstituted or is substituted with a halogen atom, a C 1-4 alkyl group, a C 6-10 aryl group (the aryl group is unsubstituted or is substituted with a halogen atom, a C 1-4 alkyl group or a C 1-4 alkoxy group) or a C 1-4 alkoxy group),	0
Iron-type golf clubs having scorelines with sharp edges and relatively vertical side walls are advantageous to golfers since such sharp edged grooves allow golfers to induce higher levels of spin on a ball struck with such an iron-type golf club having sharp edged grooves. Iron-type golf clubs without sharp edged grooves or essentially vertical side walls will induce less spin when impacting a golf ball, especially higher-lofted (40 degrees+) golf clubs.	0
The amount of base (f) used in step F may be preferably within the range of 0.1 to 200 mol, more preferably 0.5 to 100 mol, and even more preferably 1 to 50 mol, per mol of compound (6).	0
FIG. 6 illustrates an uplink (UL) subframe structure for use in a 3GPP LTE system.	0
FIG. 13 is a system configuration block diagram illustrating an exemplary or representative exact and/or inexact search FPGA configuration embodiment 600 , which may be implemented using any of the FPGAs 150 , 160 , 170 and memory (or memories) 190 (such as DDR3) on any of the computing modules (boards or cards) 175 , 180 , 185 , 195 , 115 . More specifically, each of the various “configuration blocks” described herein are one or more configurations of an FPGA 150 , 160 , 170 , and these one or more configurations may be loaded into the FPGA 150 , 160 , 170 as described above. In addition, any of the data transfers between and among the FPGAs 150 , 160 , 170 may be performed as described above, such as for transferring data between partitions, for example and without limitation.	0
The Eastoflex®/toluene solution was then sprayed uniformly onto 12″×12″ woven tape layers at 2 wt % dry add on. The layers were then dried overnight at room temperature. After drying the woven tape layers, ten were stacked and consolidated by being placed between heated aluminum platens at various temperatures (T=300° F., 250° F.) and a pressure of 50 psi for 10 minutes of heating time. The sample was then subsequently cooled to 100° F. The cooling rate was approximately 20° F./minute.	0
The player says: “This is the official psychic position . . . now we can't be psychic by ourselves so we have to do this together.”	0
The SEM/EDS results for group #4 are presented in FIGS. 14, 15 and 16 . The SEM micrographs indicate that a transparent film has been formed on the hair surface after reaction in the tris buffer, bioactive glass extract and shampoo mixture. Magnification to 4500× in FIG. 15 indicates that this film is uniform in coverage of the hair surface. The linear cracks seen in the micrographs were formed during the SEM analysis. These cracks could be seen growing as the image was focused in the process of acquiring the micrograph. The extent of the cracking was less for this group than seen for the group #3 sample. The EDS analysis indicates the presence of Si, Ca, Na and P, which is not seen in the Group 3 and 4 control in FIG. 19. The EDS analysis also indicates that this transparent film is thicker for this groups than the group #3 sample indicated by the significant reduction in the S peak at 2.30 keV and the significant increase in the alpha Ca peak at 3.75 keV. This increase in thickness could explain the reduction in cracking seen for this group as compared to the group #3 sample. The cause for this difference in thickness and dimensional stability of this transparent layer is unknown at this time.	0
In some exemplary embodiments, dispersing the CER fibers is accomplished by aerating the whitewater solution. In some exemplary embodiments, dispersion of the CER fibers is accomplished by functionalizing the free CNSs or the CNSs on the CER fibers.	0
This application is directed to pumps for mechanical circulatory support of a heart. In particular, this application is directed to various implementations of a stator that can be used to enhance flow and/or performance of a catheter pump.	0
A 0.25 mm-thick composite material was obtained by laminating a carbon fiber (trade name: TRH 50 60M, manufactured by Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd., filament number in the fiber bundle: 60,000, width 10 mm, a plurality of reinforcing fibers has been lined up in a predetermined direction (one direction)) and an OPP film (trade name: ALphan PY-001, manufactured by Oji F-Tex Co., Ltd., T m =167° C.) in a metallic mold while adjusting so that the fiber volume fraction would be 50%, and then pressing the laminate under the pressure of 10 MPa for 6 minutes in a press machine (Desktop Hot Press, manufactured by Techno Supply Co., Ltd.) conditioned at 180° C. 8 sheets of the prepared composite material were laminated so that continuous reinforcing fibers of each of the composite materials would be arranged in the same direction (parallel direction). After pre-heating for 10 min., a hot press was conducted at 180° C. under the pressure of 10 MPa for 5 min., thereby to prepare an about 2 mm-thick formed body.	0
FIG. 5 is another perspective view showing the exploded components of a part of the maze according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention.	0
Other and further features and advantages of the invention will appear more fully from the following description, appropriately referring to the accompanying drawings.	0
There was placed in a reaction flask equipped with stirrer and heating mantle and protected from atmospheric moisture 7.13 g. (0.0222 mole) of benzophenone dianhydride dissolved in 54.5 g. of cresol. To this solution there was added at 50° C. with stirring 24.6 g. of the polyamidediamine suspension of Example 3 containing 6.10 g. (0.0111 mole) of active diamine. The reaction mixture was heated at 80° C. for 5 minutes and '2.13 g. (0.0108 mole) of solid p,p'-diaminodiphenyl methane added, the mixture being heated to 110° C. to dissolve all ingredients and then cooled in an ice water bath to 50° C. The resulting product was a clear and viscous solution from which films were cast on aluminum foil and cured for 10 minutes at 220° C. to provide a tough and flexible material. This solution was also dip coated onto a copper surface and cured for 10 minutes at 220° C. and 5 minutes at 300° C. The 60-cycle dissipation factor of the film was 1.9% at 120° C., 2.8% at 140° C., 3.5% at 160° C., 3.8% at 180° C., 4.0% at 200° C„ 5.0% at 220° C., 9.0% at 240° C. and 18.0% at 250° C.	0
The present invention relates to a cabinet for electronic apparatus formed through presswork by use of a magnesium (Mg)-lithium (Li) alloy and an electronic apparatus including the same.	0
Having generally described various exemplary embodiments of the general inventive concepts, a further understanding thereof can be obtained by reference to certain specific examples illustrated below which are provided for purposes of illustration only and are not intended to be inclusive or limiting unless otherwise specified.	0
At the end of this process the final dimensions of the PTFE filament material may comprise: a width of about 0.1 mm to 5.0: mm (with 0.2 to 3.0 mm being preferred); a thickness of about 5 μm to 100 μm (with 10 to 70 μm being preferred); a filament number of about 20 dtex to 2000 dtex (with 50 to 1000 dtex being preferred); a density of about 0.20 g/cm3 to 2.10 g/cm3 (with 0.5 to 2.0 g/cm3 being preferred); a tensile strength ranges from 100 to 1100 MPa (with 200 to 9000 MPa being preferred), a matrix tensile strength ranges from 200 to 1200 MPa (with 300 to 1000 MPa being preferred), a maximum force elongation of about 1.0% to 5.0% (with 1.5% to 3.0% being preferred), a shrinkage of about 1.0 to 20% (with 5 to 12% being preferred).	0
According to the invention, there is provided a concrete composite bearing deck of a fiber reinforced plastics deck panel consisting of plural FRP bearing deck modules assembled and a concrete slab thereon, each of the FRP bearing deck modules comprising: an upper flange and a lower flange separated from each other by a predetermined height; a side web provided between the upper flange and the lower flange and forming a hollow portion longitudinally extended in a transverse direction to constitute a tubular shape; a shear connector protruded in a transverse direction and integrated to an upper part of the upper flange when draw-forming the FRP bearing deck module; and a fiber continuously arranged along an inside of the shear connector.	0
FIG. 22 is an illustrative version of the image of FIG. 21.	0
After step 178 for the first lighting system 1 or step 180 for the second lighting system 200 , the next nighttime step 181 performs a check to see if daytime has arrived, based on the sunrise/sunset data stored in memory 58 . In the event that it is determined to be daytime, logical control is then transferred to the DAY logic sequence 160 ; otherwise, the next step is 182 . Step 182 measures the charge available in the battery 41 , following which control goes to step 183 .	0
The orifices 58 adjacent to the structured fabric 38 are connected with a vacuum chamber 60 which is located in the base section 54 and which can be connected to a vacuum source.	0
The anti-scuff agent may be contained in an amount of 0.01 to 20 weight percent, specifically 0.1 to 15 weight percent, more specifically 1 to 10 weight percent, based on a total weight of the lubricant additive composition. In an embodiment, the anti-scuff agent may be contained in an amount of 0.0001 to 0.2 weight percent, specifically 0.001 to 0.15 weight percent, more specifically 0.001 to 0.1 weight percent, based on a total weight of the lubricant additive composition.	0
However, properties required in semiconductor devices are high in recent years. For example, even when SiC is employed as a material of a MOSFET (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Field Effect Transistor), further reduction of on resistance therein is still required. For the reduction of on resistance, it is effective to improve channel mobility.	0
An example of a coloring process as described herein is provided as follows. A 4-L stainless steel autoclave can be used as the coloring vessel, which is essentially a pressure autoclave. The temperature of the dyeing process is accomplished by setting the temperature of an oil heater. The jacket of the coloring vessel is preheated prior to each coloring process. After the preheating step, dye powder (0.2±0.01 g) is placed at the bottom of the vessel, between two stainless steel filter plates with a pore size of 10 μm (e.g., colorant holder) to prevent entrainment of un-dissolved dye particles. A piece of cotton (20±0.2 g) is folded around small pieces of polyester, nylon, silk and wool (each 0.2±0.02 g). The textile is placed in the dyeing vessel in such a way that supercritical argon is forced to flow through the stainless steel filter plates and through the layers of textile. The system is then pressurized with an air-driven plunger pump, from Williams Instrument Company. The argon is pumped at a flow rate of 0.10±0.02 m 3 /h, with a centrifugal pump with magnetic coupling from Autoclave Engineers. The flow direction of supercritical argon through the vessel is such to prevent un-dissolved dye being exposed to the textile; first, argon flows through the dye to dissolve it, through the filter, and then through the textiles. Temperature and pressure are increased slowly in the first period of time (10 minutes to an hour) but are constant afterwards (±1° C. and ±2 bar). The coloring process is run until the dye is consumed and is on the fabric. Reaction conditions vary for dye and textile combinations; however, a process with a vinyl sulfone dye as shown in FIG. 4 would typically be run at 113° C. and roughly 450 atmospheres.	0
FIG. 7 is an example of a process for generating private eLoran signals according to an implementation of this disclosure.	0
Pro Pro Glu Lys Leu Xaa Ile Tyr Glu Gln Ile Thr Arg Pro Leu His	0
During a period from time t9 to time t11, A/D conversion is performed for luminance signals Sab on the first row of the pixel unit 10 . At this time, A/D conversion is performed for the luminance signals Sab by counting down, in a direction opposite to that in the counting up, from the digital A focus information signals Sa accumulated in column counter A. This causes column counter A to perform subtraction processing “luminance signal Sab−A focus information signal Sa”, thereby accumulating a B focus information signal Sb in column counter A. In this embodiment, assume that column counters A and B are, for example, 7-bit counters.	0
The above description has mainly discussed, as a suitable embodiment for continuously producing CNTs, an embodiment in which the formation unit and the growth unit are separately provided so that the base substrate is continuously transferred to each of these units. However, an embodiment of a production apparatus of the present invention is not limited to such an embodiment. For example, the production apparatus may be a batch type production apparatus in which a formation step and a growth step are carried out in a single furnace. In this case, for example, supply of a reducing gas required for the formation step can be carried out by, for example, an injection section of a growth unit included in the production apparatus of the present invention. This brings about an advantage of forming a catalyst layer more uniformly on the base substrate.	0
If VFeR 1 (the first read voltage) represents the voltage VFe across the terminals of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe at timing t 5 , when Vh is applied to the plate line PL, and if VFeR 2 (the second read voltage) represents the voltage VFe across the terminals of the ferroelectric capacitor CFe at timing t 6 , when Vinv is applied to the plate line PL, then VFeR 1 is greater than zero and VFeR 2 is less than zero. The absolute value of the preliminary voltage VFe 1 is less then the absolute value of the second read voltage VFeR 2 :	0
More particularly, to prepare for the construction of a given ceiling, a temporary supporting framework (FIG. 3) is erected, including 4" x 4" timber vertical shores 20, 4" x 6" stringers 22 running transverse to the ceiling span along the tops of shores 20, 2" x 8" soffit boards 24 supported by the stringers, and beam forms 26 at the ends of the ceiling span. The spacing of the shores and stringers is not critical, but the soffits must be spaced less than the width of the domes, in order to support them. A combination of domes is then chosen to correspond to the dimensions of the ceiling, the domes to be arranged on top of the soffits in flange-abutting end to end and side to side orientation, with the length of the domes along the span, as shown in FIGS. 3-5. Standard techniques are then used to complete the ceiling, including the placement of reinforcing rods, conduits and the like, pouring of concrete, and ultimate removal of the domes with the aid of air holes 30.	0
The factors attributing to the quantity of spacers 50 required to maintain an insulating air space 95 between the shade cover 20 and the surface of the bow 2 are the size of the shade cover 20 , the position in which attached and, the incline of the bow profile being higher than the point of attachment. In consideration of said factors, numerous variations of arrangement and positioning of the spacers 50 yield a solution to maintain the air space 95 . The spacer 50 configuration in FIG. 4A exhibits a lateral placement.	0
Following examples illustrate the present invention but are not construed as limiting the present invention.	0
On the other hand, when the propagation delay time tn is equal to or smaller than the threshold Tc or when the user 902 stays within 3 m from the projector 101 , the microcomputer 203 returns to S 1002 and repeats the processing up to S 1006 again.	0
The dimension change rate (one-dimensional expansion or shrinkage ratio) of the produced laminate (polarizing film) was 0.05% when stored in a constant temperature environmental test laboratory at 80° C. for 500 hours (shrinkage). The polarizing film having a phase difference film, wherein the phase difference film was laminated on the laminate (polarizing film) was 20% lighter than conventional polarizing films with an identical phase difference film in total weight due to no adhesive and releasing liner.	0
FIG. 2 shows amplified views of the fiber obtained in this test.	0
In particular, it is possible to measure the illumination properties while the substrate to be exposed, i.e. the wafer, is interchanged. In principle, it is also possible to measure the illumination properties in the dead time between the exposure of two successive fields (dies) on the wafer. In principle, it is also possible to measure the illumination properties during the exposure of the wafer.	0
The described device has a preferred embodiment as functional removal of the obstacle represented by the walls of the 3 dams of generation of electrical energy in the Miño river called Frieira, Castrelo do Miño and Velle. A device will be placed in each of them. At present, the Mino river is inhabited by salmon, lampreys, eels, etc., in a length of 78 km from the mouth to the first obstacle, the Frieira dam. With the installation of these three devices, the length will be achieve is increased to 148 km to the tail of the Velle dam.	0
The printer can also include a color management system which captures the characteristics of the image printing process implemented in the print engine (e.g. the electrophotographic process) to provide known, consistent color reproduction characteristics. The color management system can also provide known color reproduction for different inputs (e.g., digital camera images or film images).	0
In situ processes involving downhole heaters are described in U.S. Pat. No. 2,634,961 to Ljungström, U.S. Pat. No. 2,732,195 to Ljungström, U.S. Pat. No. 2,780,450 to Ljungström. Electrical heaters are described for heating viscous oils in the forms of downhole heaters and electrical heating of tubing and/or casing, see U.S. Pat. No. 2,548,360 to Germain, U.S. Pat. No. 4,716,960 to Eastlund et al, U.S. Pat. No. 5,060,287 to Van Egmond, U.S. Pat. No. 5,065,818 to Van Egmond, U.S. Pat. No. 6,023,554 to Vinegar and U.S. Pat. No. 6,360,819 to Vinegar. Flameless downhole combustor heaters are described, see U.S. Pat. No. 5,255,742 to Mikus, U.S. Pat. No. 5,404,952 to Vinegar et al, U.S. Pat. No. 5,862,858 to Wellington et al, and U.S. Pat. No. 5,899,269 to Wellington et al; Surface fired heaters or surface burners may be used to heat a heat transferring fluid pumped downhole to heat the formation as described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,056,057 to Vinegar et al and U.S. Pat. No. 6,079,499 to Mikus et al.	0
FIG. 6 shows an illustration of the feed element according to FIG. 4 in a plan view, and	0
In manufacture, the flat and straight tubes arranged parallel at regular intervals and each having opposite ends connected to the headers in fluid communication therewith may be bent all at once in the direction of tubes' width. Each portion which is being bent between the straight sections will simultaneously and spontaneously be twisted relative thereto. The twisted and bent portions can now be formed very easily, without encountering any technical difficulty.	0
The patent to Winge illustrates a "paddle boat" type of airfoil arrangement in which the airfoils rotate in a plane parallel to the wind direction. Rectangular airfoils are supported by masts with only a spar instead of a boom. The airfoils are designed to be raised and lowered by means of an attached rope.	0
FIG. 6 is a sectional view along line V-V of FIG. 4; and	0
FIG. 16 is a sectional view similar to that of FIG. 7, with a different base and cartridge therein.	0
In other embodiments, the outlet of the heating-control storage tank ( 20 ) may be connected to the hot water supply ( 2 ), but not connected to the cold-water inlet of the water heater ( 1 , 12 ).	0
The plurality of vents 408 may extend through the top panel 410 of the top structure 402 . For example, the plurality of vents 408 may extend from a bottom surface 422 of the top panel 410 to the top surface 424 of the top panel 410 . Each vent 408 of the plurality of vents 408 may include a large section 426 and a small section 428 . The large section 426 of a respective vent 408 may have a larger diameter than a diameter of the small section 428 of the respective vent 408 . The large section 426 may extend from the bottom surface 422 of the top panel 410 (i.e., surface facing the air chamber 414 ) and may extend partially through the top panel 410 but may not extend completely through the top panel 410 . For example, the large section 426 of a respective vent 408 may extend halfway or over halfway through the top panel 410 . The small section 428 may extend from the large section 426 of the vent 408 and may extend through a remainder of the top panel 410 and through a top surface 424 of the top panel 410 .	0
FIG. 14 is an isometric view of a flange assembly of another illustrative full-moment column collar in accordance with aspects of the present disclosure.	0
U.S. Pat. No. 6,452,142 discloses a microwave oven having an oven cavity with a wall formed with a hole covered on an external side of the wall by a metal launch box and choke plate. A metal match plate is mounted on the internal side of the wall so that the match plate and the launch box form a launch cavity for delivering microwave energy to the cavity.	0
Where the instant invention embodies a method for performing the various tasks disclosed herein as a software embodiment, computer program instructions may be loaded onto a general purpose computer, special purpose computer, or other programmable data processing apparatus to produce a machine, such that the instructions which execute on the computer or other programmable data processing apparatus create means for implementing the functions specified in the disclosed methods. These computer program instructions may also be stored in a computer-readable memory capable of directing a computer or other programmable data processing apparatus to function in a particular manner, such that the instructions stored in the computer-readable memory produce an article of manufacture including instruction means which implement the functions specified in the disclosed method steps. The computer program instructions may also be loaded onto a computer or other programmable data processing apparatus to cause a series of operational steps to be performed on the computer or other programmable apparatus to produce a computer-implemented process such that the instructions which execute on the computer or other programmable apparatus provide steps for implementing the functions specified in the variously disclosed method steps.	0
It can additionally be contemplated that the adsorptive layer 5 comprises, as adsorptive material—as schematically depicted in FIG. 1 a —fibers of activated carbon, more particularly in the form of an activated carbon fabric, more particularly wherein the activated carbon fabric has a basis weight of 20 to 200 g/m 2 , more particularly 50 to 150 g/m 2 , and/or more particularly wherein the activated carbon fabric is a woven, loop-formingly knitted, laid or bonded fabric of activated carbon, more particularly based on carbonized and activated cellulose and/or a carbonized and activated acrylonitrile.	0
FIG. 10B is a sectional view along lines 10 B- 10 B of FIG. 10A.	0
FIG. 2 is a second example process control environment including the example valve controller of FIG. 1.	0
FIG. 3 is an isometric view of an expandable medical device with different beneficial agents in different holes in accordance with the present invention.	0
In another unexpected finding during this simulated infant movement test scenario, the low shear material of the patient oriented face 106 may have contributed to the force-distributing cranial support 100 becoming dislodged from the head of the mannequin in spite of the snug fit provided by the concave occipital cup portion 118 and the head strap portion 120 . This finding was replicated in healthy human studies conducted under investigational review board oversight in which it was surprisingly found that the force-distributing cranial support 100 loosened as the infant moved over a sub-one hour period. The addition of the grip-providing substance 162 to the patient oriented face 106 in a revised design provided additional stability to the force-distributing cranial support 100 such that it remained secure on the head of the infant in the healthy human tests. This was a counterintuitive design change in that the focus had been on minimizing shear stress for the infant's skin until it was found that the addition of the grip-providing substance 162 to the patient oriented face 106 in an appropriate pattern resulted in no adverse events relative to skin integrity while providing sufficient stability of the force-distributing cranial support 100 .	0
In this case the change from equal-angled facet to unequal-angled facet can take the form of a gradual transition or, in an alternative embodiment, there can be a stepwise change from equal-angled facet to unequal-angled facet.	0
Further, respective air ratios of the fluidizing gases to be supplied to the regions of the fluidized bed are adjusted in the direction from the supply-side sidewall portion toward the discharge port to adjust respective temperatures of the regions of the fluidized bed, so that fluidization abnormality becomes less likely to occur in the fluidized bed. In other words, it becomes possible to adjust the air ratio (i.e., oxygen concentration) of the fluidizing gas to be supplied to fluidized bed to thereby adjust a temperature in each of the regions of the fluidized bed, while sufficiently ensuring a flow rate of the fluidizing gas to be supplied to each of the regions of the fluidized bed to thereby desirably maintain a fluidized state of the fluidizable particles in each of the regions of the fluidized bed.	0
If the construction machine is a road milling machine with a milling drum, the milling drum should be arranged in the longitudinal direction of the road milling machine at the level of the rear running gear or at the level of the plurality of rear running gear. This is the case with known small milling machines in which the milling drum is arranged between the two rear running gear. However, the invention can also be used effectively in the case of known large milling machines. Large milling machines are characterised in that the milling drum is arranged substantially centrally between the running gear of the front axle and the running gear of the rear axle. In this case, the values need to be converted according to the lever ratios between the axis of the milling drum and of the respective lifting system.	0
FIG. 16B is an intermediate point adjustment table showing the adjustment value at each intermediate point in a case where density adjustment is performed in the second embodiment.	0
According to some implementations, variable neutral density filters 1300 , 1400 A or 1500 comprise a variable stepped filter.	0
In the frame inversion-driving mode, which follows the source-line inversion-driving mode, voltages are applied to the pixels on the basis of the frame inversion-driving mode. When the switching unit 44 counts 36 vertical synchronizing signals VSYNC, that is, when 36 frame periods (0.6 seconds) pass from the start of the initial transition step, the initial transition step finishes. During 12 frame periods (0.2 seconds) after the inversion driving mode is switched to the frame inversion-driving mode by the switching unit 44 , alignment states of transition nuclei generated in the gate-line inversion-driving step and the source-line inversion-driving step are conducted to all the plurality of pixels.	0
As shown in FIG. 29, when the support adapter 300 is not used, the bracket 306 can be rotated toward one lateral side of the base 302 until the eyelet 340 tightly engages with the bumps 316 B. The bracket 306 can be thereby locked in a folded state, lying approximately perpendicular to the base 302 and extending in a generally horizontal plane between the handle side sections 110 A (as represented by the dotted lines in FIG. 27). As shown in the enlarged view of FIG. 30, the folded state of the support adapter 300 may be particularly advantageous when the stroller frame 102 is in the collapsed state. In this configuration, the bracket 306 can be disposed generally parallel to the base 104 in a compact manner.	0
Unless otherwise defined, all terms (including technical and scientific terms) used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art of this disclosure. It will be further understood that terms, such as those defined in commonly used dictionaries, should be interpreted as having a meaning that is consistent with their meaning in the context of the specification and should not be interpreted in an idealized or overly formal sense unless expressly so defined herein. Well known functions or constructions may not be described in detail for brevity or clarity.	0
FIG. 3 is a block diagram depicting an exemplary embodiment of a content encoding system constructed in accordance with one or more aspects of the invention;	0
While certain novel features of this invention have been shown and described and are pointed out in the annexed claim, it is not intended to be limited to the details above, since it will be understood that various omissions, modifications, substitutions and changes in the forms and details of the device illustrated and in its operation can be made by those skilled in the art without departing in any way from the spirit of the present invention.	0
Concerning reductive bleaching agents and then primarily dithionite—normally sodium dithionite—besides the use of bleaching tower the bleaching agent can be added directly to the pulp suspension, for instance in a storage tower, therewith obviating the use of bleaching tower and other bleaching equipment. This latter alternative results in a lowering of the capital investment costs. Such known dithionite bleaching is normally effected in a temperature range of 40-60° C. In order to enhance the bleaching response, i.e. the bleaching efficiency, it has been suggested that the dithionite is charged directly to a refiner (see U.S. Pat. No. 5,129,987 owned by Joachimides et al, and a lecture entitled “Reductive Bleaching in Refiners”, Tappi Pulping Conference 1998, pp. 509-515). This method of procedure leads to an increased bleaching efficiency in comparison with a typical dithionite bleaching process, but manifested also drawbacks in the form of scaling within the refiner and a tendency towards corrosion damage.	0
FIG. 18A is a perspective view of a portion of an exemplary embodiment of a filter system, while FIG. 18B is a close-up view of a portion of the system shown in FIG. 18A. The distal sheath and the distal filter are not shown in FIGS. 18A and 18B for clarity. The system includes proximal filter 200 coupled to proximal shaft 202 , and push rod 206 coupled to proximal shaft 202 . A portion of proximal sheath 204 is shown in FIG. 18A in a retracted position, allowing proximal filter 200 to expand to an expanded configuration. Only a portion of proximal sheath 204 is shown, but it generally extends proximally similar to push rod 206 . The proximal end of proximal shaft 202 is beveled and defines an aspiration lumen 216 , which is adapted to receive an aspirator (not shown) to apply a vacuum to aspirate debris captured within distally facing proximal filter 200 . Push rod 206 extends proximally within proximal sheath 204 and is coupled to an actuation system outside of the subject, examples of which are described below. Push rod 206 takes up less space inside proximal sheath 204 than proximal shaft 202 , providing a lower profile.	0
The illustration of FIG. 5 shows a microstrip implementation where there is a single signal reference layer 104 for the signal traces 101 . With specific reference to FIG. 6 of the drawings, there is shown a cross section of portion of the IC package 100 shown in FIG. 5 of the drawings and taken along the sectional lines 6 - 6 having a strip-line implementation according to the teachings of the present invention. The teachings herein are equally applicable to the strip-line implementation where there are first and second reference layers 601 , 602 on opposite sides of the signal layer 603 . A plan view of the strip-line implementation is similar to the plan view of the microstrip implementation as shown in FIG. 5 of the drawings because the first and second reference layers 601 , 602 have identical portions that are absent in order to increase the impedance of the stub traces 103 . The first reference layer 601 in a plan view representation, therefore, obscures the second reference layer 602 . The signal layer 603 contains both signal traces 101 and stub traces 103 , the only difference between the two types of traces being their function on the IC package 100 . The signal traces 101 have portions of the first and second reference layers 601 and 602 that are adjacent the signal traces 101 in tact, while the stub traces 103 have an absence of portions of the first and second reference layers 601 and 602 that are adjacent to the stub traces 103 .	0
When the upper first portion 5 a is actually placed, the recesses 1 b are filled with an adhesive GL, which is an ultraviolet curing adhesive, as illustrated in FIGS. 15A and 15B around the protrusions 1 c . When the upper first portion 5 a is placed on the mount surface 1 a while the recesses 1 b are thus filled with the adhesive GL, the upper first portion 5 a is bonded to the mount surface 1 a while the protrusions 1 c (see FIGS. 14A and 14B) are covered with the adhesive GL, as illustrated in FIGS. 15A and 15B.	0
FIG. 14 depicts an exemplary garment in accordance with some embodiments of the invention;	0
In the above, the first statement copies the contents of the C:\WINDOWS directory to the silo specific directory name space. The second statement copies the contents of the C:\USERS directory to the silo specific directory name space. In the above example, the directory PROGRAM FILES was not copied. In some embodiments a junction or link to the system PROGRAM FILES may be created. In that case the system PROGRAM FILES will be used by the silo and there will be no silo-specific PROGRAM FILES. Alternatively, the system PROGRAM FILES could be copied to the silo name space. For example: \PROGRAM FILES→C: SILOS\SILO&#x3c;SILONAME>\PROGRAM FILES (RW)	0
The water content of the wax phase is low, in particular less than 10%, preferably less than 6%, more preferably less than 3%, percentages being w/w relative to the total weight of the wax phase. In a particular embodiment the wax phase is water free, and will be such that it is not decomposed by water or any aqueous phase. As used herein, ‘water free’ means that the phase is composed of materials of low water content to which no water has been added.	0
As explained above, various impeller parameters can be important in increasing flow rate while ensuring that the pump operates safely within the subject. Further, various properties and parameters of the disclosed impellers 300 - 300 J of FIGS. 5A-11 may enable the impellers to more easily collapse into the stored configuration. Similarly, with regard to FIGS. 15-19, features of stators enhancing these and other aspects are discussed below.	0
in the presence of at least one fluorine compound (4) (in the present specification, also referred to as “compound (4)”) selected from the group consisting of:	0
The polymer film of the invention may be used as the support of an optically compensatory sheet in a TN mode liquid crystal display device having a liquid crystal cell in the TN mode. Liquid crystal cells in the TN mode and liquid crystal display devices of the TN mode have been well known for a long time. Optically compensatory sheets to be used in TN mode liquid crystal display devices are described in JP-A-3-9325, JP-A-6-148429, JP-A-8-50206 and JP-A-9-26572 and also reported by Mori, et al., Jpn. J. Appl. Phys., vol. 36 (1997), p. 143 and Jpn. J. Appl. Phys., vol. 36 (1997), p. 1068	0
There are many ways to perform inexact searching, and one such method utilizes a data structure known as the Burrows-Wheeler Transform (“BWT”) and an algorithm for efficiently searching an index based upon that data structure, known as the FM-index. The FM-index can be used for inexact searching because it has a comparatively low memory footprint, and all locations where the query exactly matches the reference can be found in time proportional to the length of the query. The inexact searching of the representative embodiments extends to any information which can be represented alphabetically or otherwise represented by an alphabet, of any kind, which can be sorted lexicographically, including the reference genome sequence utilized in bioinformatics, which can be represented by an alphabet of nucleotides (bases, typically as A, C, G, T (or U for an RNA sequence)). The search methodology implemented in a system 100 , 200 , 300 , 400 , 800 performs a depth-first search based upon suffix trees, and allows up to “M” mismatches, and an example may be implemented using an FM-index.	0
Ser Leu Thr Ala Cys Pro Glu Glu Ser Pro Leu Leu Val Gly Pro Met	0
In addition, DE 102015008883 A1 discloses an occupant protection device for a vehicle having an occupant protection means that can be controlled and positioned in its active position in the event of a detected collision imminent to the vehicle or in the event of a detected collision of the vehicle. Here, the occupant protection means is designed as a blanket and/or a footmuff for covering at least sections of an occupant positioned on a vehicle seat, wherein the occupant protection means solidifies to assume its active position in such a way that the occupant is fixed to the vehicle seat in the active position of the occupant protection means.	0
As a raw material, 25.0 g of compound (T-15) obtained as described above was used, and 33.7 g of 2′,3-difluoro-4-iodo-1,1′,4′,1″-terphenyl (T-16) was obtained in a manner similar to preparation of compound (T-7) of Example 3. The yield based on compound (T-15) was 98%.	0
Where the breakdown voltage gradients in the storage volume and in the surrounding air are essentially the same, the electrode area of the DBD is generally selected so as not to be large enough to produce an ANEP in the entire storage volume, as there is the risk that a more substantial discharge would occur in the air environment. Such discharges result in reactive species generation, to which personnel would be exposed, and may also result in pinholes in the storage volume surface.	0
The disc 25 has a central fitting hole 25 a and is formed into the shape of a ring as shown in FIG. 4. The rotating disc 25 has a front surface having two protrusions 30 and another protrusion 31 all of which are formed substantially at intervals of 120 degrees so as to receive the outer circumference of the supporting member 16 . The protrusions 30 located at the lower right and left portions respectively are formed by raising the portions respectively. On the other hand, the upper protrusion 31 is mounted, as an individual member, on the front surface of the rotating disc 25 so that a vertical or radial position thereof is adjustable. The rotating disc 25 is disposed so as to be interposed between the supporting member 16 and the base plate 14 in the front-rear direction. In this case, the outer circumference of the convex portion 16 a is slidably engaged with the fitting hole 25 a , and the protrusions 30 and 31 slidably receive the outer circumference of the supporting member 16 . Furthermore, the annular protrusion 23 of the supporting member 16 is brought into sliding contact with the front surface of the rotating disc 25 , and the annular protrusion 17 of the base plate 14 is brought into sliding contact with the rear surface of the rotating disc 25 . As a result, the rotating disc 25 and accordingly the pivot frame 13 are supported on the base frame 12 so as to be coaxially rotatable about the central axis O.	0
Special weapons and tactic (SWAT) teams or other police and military personnel frequently use breaching apparatus to gain entry into locked and barricaded buildings, where criminals, terrorists, hostages, drug caches and the like are located. SWAT teams routinely breach doors quickly by using battering rams, shotguns, and/or explosive charges. These devices can be employed singly or in combination to break the lock or hinges, or even to demolish the door frame itself.	0
The functional film 8 is fixed to the front surface of the housing 5 via an adhesive layer 9 (FIG. 16( a )). As the adhesive layer 9 , a double-stick tape and an adhesive agent are listed.	0
A general liquid crystal display device displays a desired image by controlling light transmittances of liquid crystal cells, which are arranged in a matrix shape, according to image information signals. In other words, the liquid crystal display device displays images on a liquid crystal panel using light irradiated from a backlight unit.	0
The invention also provides the fusion protein as reported herein for use in treating hepatitis-B-virus infection.	0
Call centers often rely on knowledge-based authentication (KBA) to authenticate users before allowing callers to discuss their sensitive account details and execute transactions. KBA is a method of authentication based on the nonpublic knowledge of the service user, usually though security or life history questions. Unfortunately, KBA is problematic due to the lack of standards for which information may be kept confidential among different service providers, as well as the ability of fraudulent users to obtain information that may be publicly accessible despite a service provider using it as a knowledge-based authenticator. In addition, KBA is prone to circumvention because fraudulent users can use both publicly accessible and/or stolen information to correctly respond to questions. Furthermore, legitimate users sometimes fail to answer the questions correctly, often leading to customer frustration and inconvenience.	0
In the cardboard box production device of this embodiment, the dividing device 71 has the loading device 72 , the cutting device 73 , and the unloading device 74 as illustrated in FIG. 2. Here, the loading device 72 , the cutting device 73 , and the unloading device 74 are substantially the same as in the above-described embodiment. As for the dividing device 71 , the transport conveyor (connected cardboard box body transport conveyor) 81 is disposed upstream of the loading device 72 in the transport direction Da. The transport conveyor 81 supplies the loading device 72 with the plurality of connected cardboard box bodies B 0 discharged from the counter-ejector section 61 (see FIG. 1).	0
Such an arrangement not only doubles the work of the tamper in a given time but also produces a much more even and effective distribution of the ballast by the two tools operating in the same interspace between adjacent ties. Furthermore, such a tamper can be operated in alternative manners. On the one hand, two adjacent ties may be tamped at a time, i.e. each tie is tamped once, which doubles the distance covered by the tamper in a given time, as it proceeds along the track. On the other hand, the quality of tamping may be brought to an optimum by moving the tamper forwardly only from one tie to the next adjacent tie at any one time whereby each tie will be tamped twice and at points spaced from each other in the direction of elongation of the tie. This produces, of course, a more effective compaction of ballast underneath the tamped ties, which may be further improved by varying the tamping depth.	0
Preferably, the first electrode includes a plate-like portion extending along the first direction and the second direction and an inclined portion inclined with respect to the plate-like portion and closer to the resistor portion than the plate-like portion is.	0
FIGS. 12A and 12B are diagrams showing an example of an adjustment screen of uniform density adjustment processing and an example of an adjustment screen of processing of adjustment by density range in a third embodiment, respectively;	0
For example, when the current phase is phase 2, and the point is moved in the positive (+) direction by two phases, the selected final phase is phase 4.	0
The second yarns may comprise or primarily contain or consist of: polyester, preferably polyethylene terephthalate (PET), and/or polyamide (PA), and/or polyethylene (PE), and/or aromatic polyamide, and/or carbon fibers, and/or carbon fiber/thermoplastic composite.	0
The two figures show, in an exemplary manner, arrangements of the field facets for two different illumination settings in the specular reflector. The puzzling is different for each setting.	0
Pro Ser Asn Thr Lys Val Asp Lys Lys Val Glu Pro Lys Ser Cys Asp	0
In step 645 , the second controller 202 C of the gateway 103 can clear its memory 207 C of the compressed remote field data. Specifically, in step 645 , the second controller 202 C can clear a copy the compressed remote field data that it has in its memory. Next in step 648 , the second controller 202 C can then purge its memory of any remote field data. In this step, the action of “purging” can clear any data structures that may be used to maintain the compressed remote field data. The process then ends.	0
Accordingly, the temperatures of the first coolant-to-air heat exchangers 16 and 17 can be properly controlled.	0
The image frames processed by the camera 321 may be stored in the memory 360 or transmitted to the exterior via the wireless communication unit 310 . Two or more cameras 321 may be provided according to the configuration of the mobile terminal.	0
The dominant route of elimination was found to be urine (urine, 66.91% vs feaces, 17.39% at 48 hrs) and recovery data collected up to 48 hrs accounts for 84.87% of radioactivity injected. Tissue distribution was negligible. The kidney, liver, skin and intestine were found to be the target organs. However, the level of the polymer in tissues was rapidly cleared via urine and faeces.	0
As used herein, the phrase “substantially parallel” means within five degrees of parallel. In another embodiment, substantially parallel means within 15 degrees of parallel. In another embodiment, substantially parallel means within 20 degrees of parallel.	0
After the nerve is located and the option therapeutic (anesthetic) agent is applied, the nerve is subjected to the actual denervation procedure. The control console 22 generates the RF or Stimulation signal through the shell 122 of the supply electrode 118 . The inner tube first active contact 62 functions as the active electrode and the second active contact 68 of the outer tube 54 functions as the return electrode. The RF signals emitted from the first active contact 62 flow through the tissue and return to the control console through the second active contact 68 . A fraction of the energy in the RF signals is absorbed by the tissue. This RF energy is converted to thermal energy in order to cause the desirable therapeutic effect, the formation of a lesion; tissue ablation; or disruption of the cellular electrochemical structure.	0
The projection processing means of an embodiment of the character recognition apparatus described above, extracts, for each of a plurality of lines included in a rotation range obtained when a line that is orthogonal to the axis along the character string and passes through the projection target position is rotated about a point in the line up to a predetermined angle, a gray level, in the line, corresponding to the selection between the highest gray level and the lowest gray level, and when the highest gray level is selected, projects a minimum value of values extracted in the lines onto the projection target position, and when the lowest gray level is selected, projects a maximum value of values extracted in the lines onto the projection target position. According to this embodiment, the processing for cutting out the range corresponding to each character, in the direction along the character string, can be performed highly accurately.	0
While the engine 91 is warming up, the coolant heated in the coolant heater 15 flows through the coolant-coolant heat exchanger 81 C, and thus, while the engine 91 is warming up, the engine 91 can be heated by the coolant heated in the coolant heater 15 (the engine heat-absorbing heat pump mode).	0
Even today, politicians, as a gesture of promoting their image as nature lovers, drop salmon fry in river streams. Unfortunately their lacks of foresight, those who manage to develop, send them to the funnels of the electric power generation turbines to be annihilated with their 500 revolutions per minute.	0
The case 51 forms an air passage of blast air into the vehicle interior, and is molded of resin (for example, polypropylene) having elasticity to some extent, and good strength. An inside air-to-outside air switching box 52 is disposed on the uppermost stream side of an air flow in the case 51 . The inside air-to-outside air switching box 52 is an inside and outside air introduction unit that switches the introduction of air between inside air (vehicle interior air) and outside air (vehicle exterior air).	0
Conventionally, kinetic walls have been operated by using cables, linkage arms or struts that are unsightly, require maintenance because of their exposure to the environment and may interfere with the function of the structure in which they are being used. In addition, many conventional kinetic wall designs lack sufficient strength and durability for many purposes.	0
The advantage of adjusting the level of each horizontal roller support arm 30 without twisting on each upright support element 28 with the two in-line wing nuts 68 enables the sewer to position any sewing machine 12 to the enabling position for proper stitching of the fabric sheet material 38.	0
According to certain embodiments, the hydrophobic interaction resin is phenyl-Sepharose. Variety of conditions may be used in this particular step. According to certain embodiments, the hydrophobic interaction resin is first equilibrated with buffer solution having a pH between 4.5-9.5 and a conductivity of above 15.0 mS/cm. After the resin is equilibrated, the fraction containing GcMAF is adjusted to ion strength above 15.0 mS/cm by dilution and loaded on the hydrophobic interaction resin. These conditions of pH and conductivity allow the retention of GcMAF on the column, while the hydrophobic interaction medium is washed. The conductivity of the washing buffer (at a pH of between 4.5-9.5) is decreased during the washing. This decrease provides suitable conditions such that no GcMAF is discarded in the flowthrough, to give maximal GcMAF yield.	0
As shown in Table 1, in the comparative examples 1 to 5, wherein a polyvinyl butyral resin (Ac/(Ac+Bu)=0) was used as the binder resin, there was a tendency that viscosity of the internal electrode paste became high when increasing a polymerization degree of the resin. However, the dripping property was not sufficiently improved even when the polymerization degree was increased to 3000 or higher, and the “dripping degree” was larger than 4 cm 2 /g in all of the comparative examples 1 to 5. As a result, in the comparative examples 1 to 5, paste with a preferable printing property could not be obtained (comprehensive evaluation: defective).	0
In the flow patterns of the working medium solution as shown in FIG. 19 to FIG. 21, the working medium solutions to be used as heating sources for the working medium refrigerant from the condenser are the working medium solutions flowing into or out of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL and the high-temperature solution heat exchanger HH. In the case of the series flow patterns, the working medium solutions are solutions A 1 to A 5 shown in FIG. 22. In the case of FIG. 22( a ), the working medium solutions are concentrated solution A 1 from the generator G flowing into the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, concentrated solution A 2 , which is the concentrated solution A 1 having flowed through the heated side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, solution (dilute solution) A 3 from the low-temperature absorber AL flowing into the heating side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, and solution A 4 , which is the solution A 3 having flowed through the heating side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL and flowing into the generator G. In the case of FIG. 22( b ), the working medium solutions are concentrated solution A 1 from the generator G flowing into the heated side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, concentrated solution A 2 , which is the concentrated solution A 1 having flowed through the heated side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, solution A 5 from the low-temperature absorber AL flowing into the heating side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL, and solution A 6 , which is the solution A 5 having flowed through the heating side of the low-temperature solution heat exchanger HL and flowing into the generator G.	0
With respect to the slider 111 elements used during lapping as described herein, writer ELG 115 can be electrically connected to electrical contact pads 222 and 223 and reader ELG 116 can be electrically connected to electrical contact pads 221 and 222 . Advantageously, writer ELG 115 and reader ELG 116 can share a common electrical contact pad 222 to save space in the second row 220 of electrical contact pads.	0
Generally, the reactor system 108 generically represented in FIG. 1 can include at least two, and preferably at least three or four, substantially identical molten metal reactors, each of which contains a molten metal or molten metal alloy, and molten slag. Substantially identical gas trains are in gaseous communication with each reactor and are adapted to receive and process the crude syngas streams produced by the reactors. The gas trains according to the present invention can be adapted to treat the crude syngas streams to recover the sensible heat, to clean and purify the syngas streams of impurities such as sulfurous compounds, particulates and mercury, and to preclude the formation of noxious compounds such as dioxins and furans, and form a refined syngas stream. The refined high CO syngas stream and/or the high H 2 syngas stream can optionally be burned in a gas turbine with air at a temperature which virtually precludes formation of nitrogen oxides (NO x ). Alternatively, the syngas stream(s) can be burned with oxygen at a low temperature thereby creating a sequesterable flue gas.	0
Part of the finely geo-referenced satellite data may be discarded and not added to the master model, e.g., due to cloud cover or other obscuring phenomena. The remaining data is assessed for its relative quality, and this assessment is used in determining the relative weight that will be given the new satellite data in updating the master model.	0
Also, a cutting unit (not shown) including a cutter may be provided downstream of the printing unit 6 or the label issuance opening 13 according to need or an RFID antenna unit (not shown) may also be mounted at a predetermined position of the transfer path 15 .	0
In one embodiment, a coloring process can include converting a noble gas into a supercritical fluid state, and coloring an article of manufacture with a colorant dissolved, suspended, or absorbed into the noble gas in the supercritical fluid state so as to color the article of manufacture. The coloring process can be conducted similar to supercritical carbon dioxide coloring processes. The noble gas can be a major or minor component in the coloring composition and can range by weight from at least about 10%, at least about 20%, at least, about 30%, at least about 40%, at least about 50%, at least about 60%, at least about 70%, at least about 80%, at least about 90%, at least about 99%, or about 100% by weight. The noble gas can range from about 10% to about 99%, or from about 20% to about 80%, or from about 30% to about 70%, or from about 40% to about 60%, or about 50% by weight or by volume.	0
Thus, the point-like defect resonator is disposed in the vicinity of the linear defect waveguide so that the two-dimensional photonic crystal according to the present invention can be used as a wavelength multiplexer/demultiplexer (FIG. 9).	0
Referring to FIG. 9, the result of the simulation in which the recording sensitivity of the optical recording medium according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention can be confirmed will be described as follows. The left-side drawing in FIG. 9 represents temperature distribution in a vertical section of a central track of the optical recording medium when the laser beam is projected onto the optical recording medium in which the thickness ratio between the first information recording layer-the second information recording layer (Si—Ag alloy) is 1 (one) and the thickness of the respective information recording layers is 60 Å. The right-side drawing in FIG. 9 represents temperature distribution in a vertical section of a central track of the optical recording medium when the laser beam is projected onto the optical recording medium in which the thickness ratio between the first information recording layer-the second information recording layer (Si—Ag alloy) is 3, the thickness of the first information recording layer (Si) is 90 Å, and the thickness of the second information recording layer (Ag alloy) is 30 Å. From the comparison of the temperature distribution in the right-side drawing in FIG. 9 with the temperature distribution in the left-side drawing in FIG. 9, heat is concentrated in the temperature distribution of the right-side drawing more than the temperature distribution of the left-side drawing, and temperature is distributed in the direction more perpendicular to the direction of the laser beam. Since Ag contained in the second information recording layer has a high thermal diffusion rate, when the second information recording layer is thin or the thickness is less than the thickness of an information recording layer (the first information recording layer) having the main element Si, heat is not diffused in the track direction of the optical recording medium according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention and the temperature distribution becomes narrow in the optical recording medium. Moreover, since the thermal diffusion rate in the information recording layers, when the information recording layer containing Ag is thin, is slower than that when the information recording layer containing Ag is thick, temperature gradient between the material Si of the first information recording layer and the material Ag of the second information recording layer is weakly generated so that it is advantageous to react the two materials. Thus, when the ratio of the Si—Ag alloy used as the material of the respective information recording layers is increased, a uniform temperature gradient is formed in whole information recording layer and heat is concentrated so that the recording sensitivity of the optical recording medium is preferably increased.	0
FIG. 2 is a side view illustrating a sewing machine in a state where a throat plate is in an upper position;	0
A magazine loading device may comprise an assembly, which may include an ammunition delivery interface, a shuttle, an orientation gate, a staging gate, a plunger, and a magazine receiver. The shuttle may be replaced by an escapement.	0
A desired value 22 can be predetermined for the control circuit 11 , for example, in order to control or adjust the output powers at the output 14 .	0
The plasmid pCC1BAC-PlacIq-lacI-TT02-Ptrc01/OP01/RBS01*2-ptsG-TT07 is derived from plasmids pCC1BAC-PlacIq-lacI-TT02-Ptrc01/OP01/RBS01*2-GfpTurboOpt-TT07 (described below) and so from the bacterial artificial chromosome pCC1BAC (Epicentre).	0
FIG. 11 is a graph of the frequency content of a seismic source driver using a signal coded according to FIG. 10.	0
(ii) The temperature of the moving phase is decreased to a constant temperature, T′, which is 25 degrees C. or higher to lower than 100 degrees C. and is lower than the aforesaid temperature T to thereby collect a fraction containing the perfluoropolyether having carboxyl groups at both terminals at a higher ratio. In this step, the pressure of the moving phase remains at the aforesaid pressure P. The pressure may slightly change.	0
In a case where the repeat key 212 , the rotation key 214 , the size key 215 , the spacing key 218 , the array key 219 , the multi color key 220 , or the thread palette key 221 is selected, a key for further detailed instruction may appear in the edit instruction key area 210 . For example, in a case where the size key 215 is selected, there may appear an enlargement key, a reduction key, a horizontal enlargement key, a horizontal reduction key, a vertical enlargement key, and a vertical reduction key. The enlargement key is used for enlarging a size of an embroidery pattern without changing the height-to-width proportion. The reduction key is used for reducing the size of the embroidery pattern without changing the height-to-width proportion. The horizontal enlargement key is used for horizontally enlarging the size of the embroidery pattern. The horizontal reduction key is used for horizontally reducing the size of the embroidery pattern. The vertical enlargement key is used for vertically enlarging the size of the embroidery pattern. The vertical reduction key is used for vertically reducing the size of the embroidery pattern. In a case where the rotation key 214 is selected, there may appear a left-90 key, a right-90 key, a left-10 key, a right-10 key, a left-1 key, a right-1 key, and a reset key. The left-90 key is used for rotating the embroidery pattern by 90 degrees counterclockwise. The right-90 key is used for rotating the embroidery pattern by 90 degrees clockwise. The left-10 key is used for rotating the embroidery pattern by 10 degrees counterclockwise. The right-10 key is used for rotating the embroidery pattern by 10 degrees clockwise. The left-1 key is used for rotating an embroidery pattern by 1 degree counterclockwise. The right-1 key is used for rotating the embroidery pattern by 1 degree clockwise. The reset key is used for returning the embroidery pattern to the original angle of the embroidery pattern. In such a manner, by selecting a key suitable for the user's editing purpose, the user can perform various kinds of editing so that the embroidery pattern may be moved, rotated, or enlarged, for example.	0
To attain the desired object it was necessary to develop the cooling function of the central cooling unit, and its positioning and its shape had to be newly developed.	0
FIGS. 9A and 9B are cross-sectional views showing square electrodes onto which isotropic elastic conductors are respectively formed;	0
It is usually preferable that these developers have an acid or alkali concentration of about 0.05 to 10 wt. %.	0
In the liquid storage container of the application example, the second wall is the viewable surface where it is possible to visually recognize the liquid level of the liquid, and the angle portion is between the second wall and the fifth wall, and between the second wall and the fourth wall. Since the second wall is the viewable surface, it is preferable that the second wall has a flat surface where the change of the liquid is easily visually recognized. As a result, the detection accuracy of the liquid can be improved.	0
The movement of the valve boss from the opened to the closed position will therefore generate a highly nonlinear increase of the fluidic resistance over time, due to the sharp decrease of the parameter h 3 . On the other hand, the movement of the valve boss from the closed to the opened position will generate a highly nonlinear decrease of the fluidic resistance. The fluidic resistance of the inlet opening does only depend on the pressure difference over the inlet opening. Therefore, as explained in publication [6], during the suction phase an opening of the valve will generate a high underpressure in the fluidic chamber, while the almost closed outlet valve presents a relatively high fluidic resistance and while the inlet opening will present a lower fluidic resistance. As a result, fluid will be sucked preferentially from the inlet into the fluidic chamber, with a smaller contribution of fluid sucked back from the outlet into the fluidic chamber. As the underpressure in the fluidic chamber is eventually decreasing to zero due to this influx, the net influx will happen via the inlet.	0
According to a first aspect, it is then provided that the cutting tooth 14 widens in the axial direction 4 towards a foot region 19 , and is thereby rendered robust in its totality. This aspect is now explained more fully, in particular in connection with FIGS. 2 a , 2 b , 2 c and FIGS. 3 a , 3 b . Of particular importance in this case is the fact that the respective chip flute 18 and the cutting tooth 14 , in its axial portion 14 B, are realized such that they are inclined in opposite directions in respect of the axial direction 4 . This can best be seen from the enlarged representation according to FIG. 3 b.	0
FIGS. 9A-C illustrate sequential steps of an embodiment of a process for forming a molded pulp lid with a reverse draft. FIG. 9A, more specifically, is a schematic cross-sectional view of the first stage of the process of forming a lid 900 with a flange 911 that will include reverse draft features (discussed in greater detail below). A wet pulp layer 901 is held against a first male mold 902 using a vacuum. A first female mold 903 is mated with the first male mold 902 , the two molds having an offset. The first male and female molds 902 and 903 begin the molding of the flange 911 on the horizontal axis.	0
FIGS. 5A and 5B are graphs illustrating the polarization of the ferroelectric capacitor during the reading operation in the second embodiment;	0
The second leg 104 also includes a slot 118 configured to receive a fastener, such as a fastener 612 (shown in FIG. 7) for attaching the second leg 104 to the object. Along a length L of the slot 118 , a width of the slot 118 tapers from a first width W 1 at a first position P 1 along the length L of the slot 118 to a second width W 2 at a second position P 2 along the length of the slot 118 . The first position P 1 is located between the junction point 106 and the second position P 2 . Further, the second width W 2 is narrower than the first width W 1 .	0
Suitable organic diisocyanates a2) include the following aliphatic and/or cycloaliphatic diisocyanates: ethylene diisocyanate, 1,4-tetramethylene diisocyanate, 1,12-dodecane diisocyanate; cycloaliphatic diisocyanates such as isophorone diisocyanate, 1,4-cyclohexane diisocyante, 1-methyl-2,4-cyclohexande diisocyanate and 1-methyl-2,6-cyclohexande diisocyanate as well as the corresponding isomer mixtures, 4,4′-dicyclohexylmethane diisocyanate, 2,4′-dicyclohexylmethane diisocyanate and 2,2′-dicyclohexylmethane diisocyanate, as well as the corresponding isomer mixtures. 1,4-Cyclohexane diisocyanate, isophorone diisocyanate and dicyclohexylmethane diisocyanate are preferably used. The aforementioned diisocyanates may be used individually or in the form of mixtures with one another. They may also be used together with up to 15 mol. % (calculated on the total mols of diisocyanate) of a polyisocyanate, though the maximum amount of polyisocyanate that may be added is such that a thermoplastically processable product is still formed.	0
Pro Leu Glu Glu Ala Leu Arg Leu Ala Pro Ser Lys Asn Phe His Leu	0
Asp Tyr Arg Gln Xaa Ala Ile Lys Xaa Leu Ala Asn Ser Xaa Tyr Gly	0
This written description uses examples to disclose the invention, including the preferred embodiments, and also to enable any person skilled in the art to practice the invention, including making and using any devices or systems and performing any incorporated methods. The patentable scope of embodiments is defined by the claims, and may include other examples that occur to those skilled in the art. Such other examples are intended to be within the scope of the claims if they have structural elements that do not differ from the literal language of the claims, or if they include equivalent structural elements with insubstantial differences from the literal languages of the claims. Aspects from the various embodiments described, as well as other known equivalents for each such aspects, may be mixed and matched by one of ordinary skill in the art to construct additional embodiments and techniques in accordance with principles of this application.	0
When the addition amount of the magnesium permanganate.hexahydrate reached 0.02 mol or more relative to PO 4 :1 mol, the moisture-absorption resistance remarkably improved and the improvement of the tension induced by a coating was also observed. In contrast, when the addition amount exceeded 2.5 mol, the moisture-absorption resistance was satisfactory but the reduction in the tension induced by a coating was observed.	0
Mercury removal unit 212 is configured to remove Hg from the cooled gas stream. In accordance with one example of the invention, unit 212 is designed with a bed of sulfur-impregnated activated carbon with approximately a 20-second superficial gas residence time, which achieves more than 90 percent reduction of mercury in addition to the removal of some portion of other volatile heavy metals such as arsenic.	0
The connection member 158 is moved along the guide rail 162 , and the connection member protrusions 156 a and 157 b are moved towards one ends of the connection member slots 158 a and 158 b , at which the connection member protrusions 156 a and the 157 b were located in the closed configuration.	0
The tungsten etch rate and zeta potential of the colloidal silica were evaluated in this example for various other polishing compositions. This example demonstrates the effect of various heterocyclic polyamine compounds. The tungsten etch rates and zeta potential measurements were obtained using the same methodologies as described in Example 2. The polishing, compositions (controls A and B and compositions 5A through 5F) were obtained by adding an appropriate amount of the indicated amine compound to a sample of the stock solution described above in Example 1. The alkyl chain length (in number of carbon atoms), the concentration of the amine compound, the tungsten etch rate, and the zeta potential of the colloidal silica are indicated in Table 4. Control A included no inhibitor and control B included glycine. Samples 5A through 5F included the following amine compounds: (5A) 2-(aminomethy)pyridine, (5B) 2, 2′ dipyridylamine, (5C) benzotriazole, (5D) 2-aminopyrimidie, (5E) 4-aminopyridine, and (5F) 5-aminotetrazole.	0
Also, with the flat knitting machine according to this embodiment, what is necessary is only to adopt such a simple structure that the transfer jack 2 is arranged such that, when the transfer jack 2 is set at the advanced position, the position of the stitch loop hooking portion 8 is biased toward the base portion of the transfer jack 2 from the center line (X-X) between the front and rear needle beds with respect to the advanced position, yet it becomes much easier for the hook portion 9 of the knitting needle 4 a to enter into the stitch loop 6 than in a conventional structure, and, furthermore, the transfer jack 2 can be easily worked and manufactured at a low cost.	0
The light guide may be disposed to be spaced apart from an inner surface of the second housing part.	0
(5) The use according to the above (1) or (2) wherein said vasculitis is vasculitis associated with immunological abnormalities.	0
Tyr Pro Leu Tyr Thr Gln Ile Thr Val Asp Ile Gly Thr Pro Arg	0
The zip or zips of any of the described restraint covers may be operable by an occupant of the bed.	0
Degree of Circularity=(the length of the periphery of a circle having the same projection area as that of the image of a particle)/(the length of the periphery of the projection image of the particle)	0
It will be apparent from FIG. 6 that degradation of an anticancer agent is promoted at an increased-humidity degradation environment. Thus, a low CT setting can be adopted in degradation treatment at a high humidity. The CT setting, which is a value indicative of the termination of anticancer agent degradation treatment in the presence of ozone, is determined in accordance with a humidity for the treatment.	0
In one embodiment, the processor 430 and switch 460 are operable to convert the use of the transmitter 120 from a mass storage device, as described above, to a wireless transceiver. Logic stored in the non-volatile memory 420 may be utilized in making this switch from the first state of operation (e.g., mass storage device mode) to the second state of operation (e.g., wireless transceiver mode). In an embodiment, after installation of the software on the computer 220 , the transmitter 120 may “eject” itself, ceasing to function as a mass storage device, and may begin operation as a wireless transceiver in communication with receiver 110 .	0
The ACK leader selection engine 415 includes hardware, software and/or firmware for selecting STAs, e.g., from all STAs (the broadcast group) or from within the STAs of a multicast group, to be designated as possible ACK leaders for that groupcast group. Selection of possible ACK leaders may be based on packet error rate, signal strength, other transmission-based metrics, or other metrics. In one embodiment, the STAs of a groupcast group with a PER greater than a PER threshold, e.g., 5%, and/or with a signal strength lower than a signal strength threshold, may be designated as possible ACK leaders for that groupcast group. In another embodiment, the top X (e.g., five) STAs with the greatest PER or lowest signal strength of a groupcast group may be designated as the possible ACK leaders of that groupcast group. Different groupcast groups may have different possible ACK leaders. And, a STA may be designated as a possible ACK leader for one or more groupcasts groups, e.g., for different multicast groups, for the broadcast group and one or more multicast groups, etc.	0
No admission is made that any reference cited in this application is prior art.	0
FIG. 5C is a detailed view of the ladder rack assembly where the control arm is locked to a latch plate on the load support member;	0
FIG. 2 shows a side view of the mesh shelf part of FIG. 1, and FIG. 3 shows an enlarged portion thereof.	0
The above-mentioned and other features and advantages of this invention, and the manner of attaining them, will become more apparent and the invention will be better understood by reference to the following description of an embodiment of the invention taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings, wherein:	0
Turning now to FIG. 2, showing a flow chart of an embodiment of the process according to the invention, detail no. 20 denotes a storage tank for burned (sometimes referred to as re-burned) lime, which is being fed in from a lime kiln (not shown). From the storage tank 20 the burned lime is conveyed by a solids material conveyor 21 to the top of the feeding device 1 . In the feeding device 1 there is formed a slurry of a first part 23 of the green liquor 22 and the burned lime. The flow in conduit 22 is typically about 1000-8000 m 3 green liquor per 24 hours and the lime dosage from storage tank 20 is about 55-75 kg/m 3 green liquor. Preferably about ⅓ to ½ of the green liquor provided in 22 is added 23 to the feeding device 1 . The temperature of the green liquor which is supplied 23 to the feeding device is typically 90-97° C., although lower temperatures are conceivable. The slurry of burned lime and green liquor proceeds through the short retention time feeding device 1 , the slaking reaction commencing, and pumps 24 and 25 according to the above description. A second part 26 of the green liquor in 22 is heated, preferably by indirect heat exchanging in heat exchanger 28 against a product white liquor 27 , before being brought together, in a combining device 34 , with the slurry downstream of the pumps 24 and 25 . The slurry and the second, preheated part of the green liquor may be combined either prior to the entry in a pressurized, high temperature causticizing reactor 29 , or by separate inlets, inside the reactor. The temperature increase compared to the conventional atmospheric process, achieved by the preheating of the green liquor in combination with the heat of reaction of the slaking reaction will make the causticizing reaction proceed at an increased rate to complete the reactions in a time which is much shorter than the conventional reaction time.	0
Even more preferably, R 31 , R 32 , and R 33 are the same or different and each is a hydrogen atom or a C 1-3 alkyl group;	0
The playback time of the video object unit VOBU 85 corresponds to the playback time of the video data made up of more than one video group GOP (Group of Picture) contained in the video object unit VOBU 85 . The playback time is set to the range from 0.4 second to 1.2 seconds. In the MPEG standard, the playback time of one GOP is normally about 0.5 second. One GOP contains screen data compressed so that about 15 pictures may be reproduced in about 0.5 second	0
FIG. 48 depicts an alternative control handle with a rotary tip deflection control.	0
Formulation of a wax phase in beads may be done for protecting the wax phase from external factors that may impact its integrity. However, it is mostly done for allowing controlled release of the wax phase.	0
In a modified version, ram ( 118 ) is operated independently and a separate circuit supplies the centering ram ( 128 ) with a pressure relief valve bleeding any over-pressure back to the tank. In another modified version the centering ram ( 128 ) retains the accumulator ( 606 ) in line and includes a pressure relief valve, but a pressure sensor (not shown) opens a pressure supply valve each time the pressure drops below a set value. In an option it is possible to have a single short chain (or rope) fixed to beam ( 101 ) at or near ( 126 ). The chain (or rope) leads to a single pulley on the stirrup ( 130 ) at point ( 136 ). After the pulley at ( 136 ) the chain (or rope) then is shackled to the two equal length chains or ropes which go through the individual pulleys at ( 126 ) and then out to their respective beams ( 103 ).	0
In Step S 50 , the CPU 16 records the chapter point supplied from the chapter point deciding part 46 on the recording medium 14 in association with the broadcast data. In Step S 51 , the chapter point deciding part 46 alters the previous potential chapter point R maintained in the register incorporated therein to the current potential chapter point PTS.	0
FIG. 12 is an example launch box assembly with example microwave resonant mode waves graphically depicted thereon.	0
After intensive and extensive research, the present inventors have demonstrated that IL-6 is indispensable in the pathology of vasculitis and that an IL-6 antagonist has a therapeutic effect for vasculitis. More surprisingly, in the study by the present inventors, when the binding of IL-6 to its receptor was inhibited by an IL-6 receptor antibody IL-6 per se was decreased in the blood. Thus, it was demonstrated that the IL-6 inhibition therapy not only has an anti-inflammatory effect on vasculitis per se but also treats vasculitis per se by acting on the core of vasculitis.	0
FIG. 6 is a perspective view diagrammatic representation of the shape of a fixation member in one modification;	0
Downhole systems according to some embodiments of the invention provide two or more separate telemetry systems that may be applied in ways described herein to transmit data to surface equipment from downhole. FIGS. 2 and 2A show two examples of such downhole systems.	0
FIG. 5 shows the DSC curve of ETP ammonium salt Form C1.	0
As mentioned hereinbefore, the cross-linking agent plays an important role during polymerization by providing cross-links into the linear polymer chains and is in general a bi-functional vinyl derivative, whenever used. It can be more than bi-functional i.e. it can have more than two reactive sites. A bi-functional vinyl derivative that can be used is N,N′-methylene bis acrylamide (MBA), which is preferred.	0
In fixing the functional film 8 to the front surface of the housing 5 , the functional film 8 can be fixed thereto joy using ultrasonic wave welding or the like without interposing the adhesive layer (FIG. 16( b )) therebetween.	0
Finally, a second variant is shown in FIGS. 6 and 7: in this variant the axis X coincides with the centre of the trajectory of two rails 270 that develop on a circumference arc path and that can be run across by a movement carriage 157 that integrally bears the frame 160 of the articulated quadrilateral, such to guarantee the movement of the lance as a function of the movement of the whole articulated quadrilateral.	0
FIG. 13B is a side elevational view of the bottom rail for the bottom or queen plate.	0
u i ⁡ ( t ) = ∑ j = - ∞ ∞ ⁢ c i j ⁢ ψ ⁡ ( t - j ⁢ ⁢ T c ) ( Eq . ⁢ 16 )	0
Optimal floating tablets have different conflicting characteristics. On the one hand, high porosity to float on stomach contents, on the other hand sufficient hardness to withstand destruction by gastric peristalsis. Further, high porosity having a positive effect on floating have at the same time also the disadvantage that when pores are exposed to the gastric fluid, water can enter the pores and fill them up and even propagate deeper into the pores, particularly when the pores are interconnected. As a consequence the inherent density will increase and thus decrease the floating capability of the tablet and thus provoking sinking of the tablet at a later stage, and bearing the risk of early clearing from the stomach by the know mechanisms such as peristaltic movements. Prior art counter acts this problem by including acids into their formulations in the presence of carbonates. The acids release CO 2 when in contact with water and by this effervescent mechanism, the tablets keep floating. The drawback however is, that such tablets are far more quickly dissolved and thus counteract the long residence time in the stomach.	0
FIG. 3(a) is a side view of the spring loaded post mounted in the socket in the flooring;	0
Maximum step coverage and conformality on the workpiece surface is obtained when no more than about a single molecular layer of metal source chemical molecules is chemisorbed in each self-limiting pulse. Due to the size of the chemisorbed species and the number of reactive sites, somewhat less than a monolayer may be deposited in each pulse of metal reactant. However, the use of some reactants, such as TEA or TMA, may result in more than a monolayer because they may at least partially self-decompose at the deposition temperature. The degree of self-decomposition can be a function of pulse time.	0
A fluid pump for pumping a fluid from an inlet toward an outlet comprises a pump body, a pump diaphragm, and a valve seat. The pump body has a first opening and a second opening. The pump diaphragm is attached to the pump body and forms a pump chamber between the pump body and the pump diaphragm. The pump chamber is fluidly connected to the inlet by the first opening and to the outlet by the second opening. The valve seat is disposed inside the pump chamber and around the second opening. The valve seat protrudes with an undeformed height from the second opening into the pump chamber in a direction toward the pump diaphragm. The valve seat has an elastic body and a gasket with a sealing surface. The pump diaphragm is deflectable and is adapted to open and close a fluidic pathway of the outlet by moving into and out of contact with the valve seat.	0
Accordingly, in order to extend the life span of the tire, providing high heat-resistant adhesion and water-resistant adhesion is considered as important as maintaining the high initial adhesive strength between the plated steel wires and the tire rubber.	0
Bandwidth limiting and packet shaping can also be done on a per-strip, per-module or per-port basis as desired. The NCM 708 can be replicated for increased availability so that the NCM functionality is always available, or its functionality can be distributed between the computer workstation (or server) and the embedded devices and or the distribution strips 706 themselves. Each NCM 708 (including all of its replicas) control a management domain, which is the set of networks controlled by the NCM 708 , regardless of their physical locations(s). The only requirement is that all of the components be connected by TCP/IP or another suitable data transport protocol.	0
FIG. 2 is a flow chart of a process 200 for determining a diagnosis or lens prescription according to one or more embodiments. One or more embodiments of the process 200 may be implemented using a system like that shown in FIG. 1.	0
When the diaphragm 11 starts to move downwards, it will land first on the sealing surface 18 of the elastic valve seat 15 at the height of h close , while the chamber has the volume V close , as is shown in FIG. 3B. This movement leads to a fluid displacement out of the pump chamber 12 , both through inlet 13 and outlet 14 .	0
Hereinafter, embodiments of the present invention will be described in detail with reference to the accompanying drawings. The same reference numerals will be used to describe the same or like components, and a redundant description thereof will be omitted.	0
Glu Pro Ala Val Pro Phe Pro Cys Gly Arg Val Ser Val Ser Gln Thr	0
In an internal combustion engine with a common rail system, the quality of combustion is critically determined by the pressure level in the rail. Therefore, in order to stay within legally prescribed emission limits, the rail pressure is automatically controlled. A closed-loop rail pressure control system typically comprises a comparison point for determining a control deviation, a pressure controller for computing a control signal, the controlled system, and a software filter in the feedback path for computing the actual rail pressure. The control deviation is computed as the difference between a set rail pressure and the actual rail pressure. The controlled system comprises the pressure regulator, the rail, and the injectors for injecting the fuel into the combustion chambers of the internal combustion engine.	0
At times, an energy source is a source configured to deliver energy to an area (e.g., a confined area). An energy source can deliver energy to the confined area through radiative heat transfer. The energy source can project energy (e.g., heat energy, and/or energy beam). The energy (e.g., beam) can interact with at least a portion of the material in the material bed. The energy can heat the material in the material bed before, during and/or after the pre-transformed material is being transformed (e.g., melted). The energy can heat at least a fraction of a 3D object at any point during formation of the 3D object. Alternatively, or additionally, the material bed may be heated by a heating mechanism projecting energy (e.g., radiative heat and/or energy beam). The energy may include an energy beam and/or dispersed energy (e.g., radiator or lamp). The energy may include radiative heat. The radiative heat may be projected by a dispersive energy source (e.g., a heating mechanism) comprising a lamp, a strip heater (e.g., mica strip heater, or any combination thereof), a heating rod (e.g., quartz rod), or a radiator (e.g., a panel radiator). The heating mechanism may comprise an inductance heater. The heating mechanism may comprise a resistor (e.g., variable resistor). The resistor may comprise a varistor or rheostat. A multiplicity of resistors may be configured in series, parallel, or any combination thereof. In some cases, the system can have a single (e.g., first) energy source that is used to transform at least a portion of the material bed. An energy source can be a source configured to deliver energy to an area (e.g., a confined area). An energy source can deliver energy to the confined area through radiative heat transfer (e.g., as described herein).	0
Ash content in the feed consumes significant energy which is often wasted in the form of heat of fusion or sensible heat. This is more so when combustion is carried out in a separate reactor where the scope for sensible heat transfer from ash is limited. In contrast, when low ash feedstocks are burnt the temperature rise is much higher due to absence of high ash levels. As a result all the energy can be efficiently captured in the form of high enthalpy stream mainly consisting of H 2 O and CO 2 .	0
The number of elements in a list can be returned by using the count( ) function. {count($list_pizzaImages)} evaluates to 3	0
with underlined upper case sequence homologous to region of pCC1BAC vector in 3′ of the chloramphenicol resistance gene upper case sequence homologous to the gentamycin resistance gene carried by the p34S-Gm vector (Dennis & Zyltra, 1998) (735-805, reference sequence on the website http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/AF062079.1)	0
In one embodiment, the comparison of the unclaimed property of at least one predetermined general ledger account includes a comparison of one or more of the unclaimed accounts receivable, unclaimed accounts payable, unclaimed common general ledger account and unclaimed payroll that have been reported by the candidate entity to respective predefined thresholds. Additionally, in reviewing the types of unclaimed property that are expected to be reported by the respective candidate entities, the expectations of the types of unclaimed property that have been reported are typically based upon the industry of the candidate entity.	0
FIG. 12F shows another embodiment in which it would be understood by those of ordinary skill in the art that carpet tile 340 could cooperate with similar tiles 340 to provide a continuous design. Quarter circles 342 of first portions 344 are distinguished from second portion 346 and 348 . To form a circle configuration the first portion 344 would combine with three other carpet tiles 340 meeting at a common corner. Of course, all the other designs and configurations could also be provided as would be understood by those of ordinary skill in the art.	0
(where a partial structural formula O-E-O in Formula (5) is a formula of any one of Formula (6), Formula (6′), Formula (7), Formula (7′), Formula (8), Formula (8′), Formula (9) and Formula (9′):	0
In this embodiment, as illustrated in FIGS. 5A to 5C, the coil 4 is formed by winding a metal wire around the coil holding units 1 q of the lens holding member 1 . Specifically, the wound coil portion 4 a is formed by winding a metal wire around the outer circumference of the lens holding member 1 . When the wound coil portion 4 a is viewed from above (the Z1 side), the wound coil portion 4 a is formed in a shape of an octagon in which short sides having a first length L 1 and long sides having a second length L 2 longer than the first length L 1 are alternately connected together. The portions of the wound coil portion 4 a corresponding to the long sides are in contact with the coil holding units 1 q and the portions of the wound coil portion 4 a corresponding to the short sides are spaced apart from the tubular portion 1 h . End portions 4 b of the coil 4 are wound around and held at the coil-wound protrusions 1 p of the lens holding member 1 . In order to prevent the wound metal wire from being unwound, the ends of the end portions 4 b of the coil 4 wound around and held at the coil-wound protrusions 1 p are subjected to an appropriate fastening measure, such as by being bonded to the coil-wound protrusions 1 p using an adhesive or the like or sealed in resin. Alternatively, at the beginning of winding, one end of the end portion 4 b may be arranged along and brought into contact with the coil-wound protrusion 1 p and the remaining portion of the coil may be wound around the end and the coil-wound protrusion 1 p so that the end is held in place. The end portions 4 b of the coil 4 wound around the coil-wound protrusions 1 p extend from base portions of the coil-wound protrusions 1 p so as to be continuous with the wound coil portion 4 a.	0
The remainder of each cycle of SCCC decoding is performed analogously to prior-art practice, although connections to establish a turbo decoding loop are made via the RAM 25 . The soft-input/soft-output (SISO) decoders used in the turbo decoding preferably use the sliding-window log-MAP algorithm. The term “log-MAP” is short for “logarithmic maximum a posteriori”. The one-half-rate convolutional coding used in the two-thirds-rate trellis coding of main-service data and used as the inner convolutional coding of the SCCC transmitting M/H-service data is decoded in each cycle of turbo decoding before the outer convolutional coding of the SCCC is decoded thereafter in the cycle.	0
The chip resistor 202 shown in this figure differs from the chip resistor 201 in that the thickness of the resistor portion 3 is different from the thickness of the first electrode 1 or the second electrode 2 . In this embodiment, the thickness of the resistor portion 3 is larger than that of the first electrode 1 or the second electrode 2 . The thickness of the resistor portion 3 may be smaller than that of the first electrode 1 or the second electrode 2 .	0
R 9 and R 10 in Formula (10) are each independently a hydrogen atom, a C 1-6 alkyl group (the alkyl group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a C 1-6 alkoxy group (the alkoxy group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom) or a hydroxy group) or a C 6-14 aryl group (the aryl group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a hydroxy group, a nitro group, a cyano group, a C 1-6 alkyl group (the alkyl group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a C 1-6 alkoxy group (the alkoxy group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom) or a hydroxy group) or a C 1-6 alkoxy group (the alkoxy group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom)).	0
Thus, the upper boom member's pivot locus fixture, connector assembly 32, as shown in FIG. 7, may be characterized as having six fingers rigidly affixed to a bearing tube 157, about which tube an upper boom mounting plate 150 is rotatably mounted so that is may swivel freely. The crossbrace is clamped to the horizontal pair of fingers in the y-axis, the forestay-backstay, which is passed under the crossbrace, is seized to the pair of fingers which are angled upward at the approximate angles made by the forestay and backstay with the diametral brace, both lying in the plane of the Z-axis, and the diametral brace is passed through the bearing tube and seized to the vertical fingers affixed to the bearing tube in the X-axis. The base end of the upper boom member 26 is affixed to the mounting plate 150 with through-bolts 152a,b.	0
The function of this reaction force R is illustrated in FIG. 22. The stem 332 of the yoke 330 extends through the center opening 345 of the spring element 340 to threadedly engage the ball insert 310 in the manner described above. The outer sleeve 320 is captured between the yoke and the head 307 of the bone screw 305 , also as described above. As the yoke stem is threaded into the ball insert, the lower surface 334 of the yoke bears against the inner edge 344 of the spring element. Thus, the downward force F′ exerted by the yoke as it is threaded into the ball insert produces the force F on the apex 346 of the spring element. The resulting reaction force R is exerted by the opposite portions 348 of the spring element against an inner surface 327 of a cylindrical cavity 326 formed in the outer sleeve 320 . This reaction force R increases the static friction force between the ring body 341 and the outer sleeve 320 , as well as between the ring body and the yoke 330 . It can also be appreciated that a commensurate static friction force is produced at the interface between the yoke lower surface 334 and the inner edge 344 of the spring washer. Thus, the presence of the wave spring 340 provides an adjustable friction force between the yoke and the outer sleeve to temporarily fix the relative orientation between the two components.	0
Chromosomal Modifications by Homologous Recombination and Selection of Recombinants (Datsenko & Wanner, (2000).	0
Accordingly, when the first heat transfer device 81 heats the coolant, the first switching valve 18 and the second switching valve 19 can switch between the engine waste heat-direct use mode (the device waste heat-direct use mode) and the engine heat-absorbing heat pump mode (the device heat-absorbing heat pump mode).	0
FIG. 5 is a partially enlarged perspective view of a FRP bearing deck module, which shows a preferred example of a shear connector provided to the FRP bearing deck module of the invention;	0
Phase transition temperature: C 70.8 S c 83.0 S A 125 N 198 I.	0
As used herein, the term “triglyceride” has its ordinary meaning in the art as a glycerol having its hydroxy groups substituted by fatty acids. Examples of suitable triglyceride feedstock for use in the present invention include fats and oils of synthetic or natural origin, or mixtures thereof, comprising C 4 -C 24 , and in particular C 12 -C 18 fatty acid groups, which may be straight or branched, saturated or unsaturated. Examples of such oils and fats include vegetable and/or animal sources such as corn oil, linseed oil, rape seed oil, olive oil, palm oil, canola oil, coconut oil, soybean oil, cottonseed oil, peanut oil, safflower oil, castor bean oil, tallow, lard, coca-butter, fish oils, combinations thereof, and the like. Preferably, the triglyceride feed stream introduced into the reaction zone is heated to a temperature of from about 150° F. to about 400° F. The feed stream is preferably substantially anhydrous, &#x3c;500 ppm water and preferably has a free fatty acid content of 2% by volume or less.	0
FIG. 3 and FIG. 4 are top view of acting schematic diagrams of the first preferred embodiment according to the invention;	0
The enter key 28 is used in addition to the guide command mark 29 C as a guide command button for commanding a maintenance guide for a maintenance work of solving this error.	0
A further advantage of a preferred embodiment of the present invention is that the use of a large number of small switches can result in the distribution of the switches (current sources) over a wider area of the integrated circuit. This can result in a power-up that is more evenly distributed throughout the integrated circuit.	0
FIG. 21 is a perspective view of two building panels of the present invention with male-engaging members and female recesses.	0
Irrespective of the particular purpose for using the force-distributing cranial support 100 , its purpose is achieved by orienting and circumferentially securing the force-distributing cranial support 100 in place. To do so, referring again to FIG. 1, the force-distributing cranial support 100 is placed on the subject's head 210 , and the first and second wings 124 a , 124 b are releasably affixed together to close the head strap portion 120 snugly or securely over the forehead 214 of the subject 200 . As the first and second wings 124 a , 124 b come together, the force-distributing cranial support 100 achieves a deployed shape that is essentially elliptical as viewed from the cephalic—caudal projection. Surprisingly, the caudal edge arch 134 results in an essentially flat caudal edge 114 and the cephalic edge arch 132 results in an essentially flat cephalic edge 112 when so deployed.	0
In another embodiment, the present invention further provides a pharmaceutical composition comprising a CTP-modified Factor VIIa (FVIIa) polypeptide consisting of a FVIIa polypeptide and five gonadotropin carboxy terminal peptides (CTPs) attached to the carboxy terminus of said FVIIa.	0
The main reason a processed polyolefin sock apparel 12 feels dry and comfortable is because the processed pores 18 or interstices for the processed yarn now have a permanent hydrophobic property as a result of the invention process. An unprocessed polyolefin textile material fails to remain hydrophobic and, after several weeks of use, it becomes more hydrophilic. The hydrophobic property of the processed polyolefin fabric 15 is important for conducting the moisture vapor vertically along the z axis 30 through the back plate 52 and for directing the condensation and evaporation away from the skin to provide a dry and cool sensation. The processed polyolefin fabric 15 can now more efficiently serve as a conduit for vertical moisture vapor transfer and provide a horizontal platform for the face plate 56 to keep the condensation and evaporation activities in the face plate 56 away from skin contact.	0
FIG. 5 is a block diagram illustrating a second encoding apparatus in which a downmix gain is applied to a multi-channel audio signal, for modification of the multi-channel audio signal, in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention;	0
Gly Trp Gly Gln Leu Leu Asp Arg Gly Ala Thr Ala Leu Glu Leu Met	0
A full and enabling disclosure of the present invention, including the best mode thereof, directed to one of ordinary skill in the art, is set forth more particularly in the remainder of the specification, which makes reference to the appended figures in which:	0
In one embodiment, the fibrous layers 100 contain interstices 22 , or voids, between the fibers as shown, for example, in FIG. 16. It has been found that the second polymer is more mobile during the fusing process and more easily migrates into the interstices 22 of the fibrous layer 100 . In some embodiments, there are also interstices formed between fibers of adjacent fibrous layers. Preferably, when the interstices are at least partially filled with the first and second polymer, the filled interstices contain at least about 80% by weight the second polymer. At least partially filling the interstices 22 of the fibrous layers 100 creates better adhesion between the fibrous layers 100 and a better performing end product.	0
FIGS. 4B and 4C show an illuminance distribution on a document arrangement glass, respectively;	0
In an embodiment, the electrically operated aerosol-generating device may include an electric heating element and a housing having a cavity, and wherein the heated aerosol-generating article may be received in the cavity. The heating element may conveniently be shaped as a needle, pin, rod, or blade that may be inserted into the article.	0
Note that since the isotropic elastic conductor 51 to be filled into each aperture 21 cannot function, when in a pasty state, as an isotropic elastic conductor 51 that maintains electrical continuity, while deforming and recovering its shape, elasticity is given to such isotropic elastic conductor 51 in a pasty state filled into the aperture 21 by a known vulcanization method (S 809 ).	0
Further, since the thread-sliding piece 40 is involved with the thread-sliding piece adjusting means 60 capable of solely adjusting the lateral position of the tip 40 a thereof, fine adjustment of the-darning width can be easily made with no movement of the thread-sliding piece holder 51 and lower knife holder 20 in the lateral direction. By combining the adjusting means for the thread-sliding piece holder 51 and the lower knife holder 20 to move in the lateral direction, the adjustable range of the darning width can be further extended, and the operation of adjusting the darning width can be simplified, thereby improving the working efficiency.	0
FIG. 2 is a front perspective view of a camera-carrying bag according to one embodiment of the present invention;	0
FIG. 5 shows an example for a schematic representation of a navigation map having evenly spaced towering map objects with different height. For instance, each of these rectangular towering map objects may be a placeholder for a building or other towering map object. In FIG. 5, the view position is further away than a predefined max. distance or max. radius, from which the height of map objects is reduced. The set extensions of a min. radius and a max. radius (e.g., as was described for FIG. 4) are indicated by the depicted circles. In line with that, FIG. 6 shows an example of a navigation map having towering map objects with reduced height, in which view position 610 is located above the schematically represented navigation map. In this example, map objects directly below view position 610 and in the vicinity of the view position are shown reduced up to a height of 0 (thus are displayed two-dimensionally). The reduction in height decreases corresponding to the setting of the max. radius and the min. radius, thus, the predefined distances and the assigned scaling factors, with distance becoming greater from view position 610 . In line with FIG. 6, FIG. 7 shows an example in which the max. radius was enlarged, so that map objects at greater distance are still markedly reduced in their height, as well.	0
A power supply unit 390 for supplying power to the mobile terminal 100 may be mounted to the second body 120 . The power supply unit 390 may be a rechargeable battery, for example, which is attachable or detachable for charging.	0
The electron gun according to the present embodiment can be preferably applied to a multi-column electron beam exposure device. The multi-column electron beam exposure device is composed by two-dimensionally arranging a single column element having a thickness of about 15 mm to 50 mm, for example, in plural numbers such as several tens or more (e.g. 30 to 250 or more) to thereby form a multi-column group for emitting a plurality of electron beams on a single wafer. Such a structure enables high-speed exposure processing.	0
wherein the correction coefficient k is a fixed constant, depending on the water intake pressure and the area of a water inlet.	0
The CgtB polypeptides of the invention can also be further linked to other bacterial proteins. This approach often results in high yields, because normal prokaryotic control sequences direct transcription and translation. In E. coli , lacZ fusions are often used to express heterologous proteins. Suitable vectors are readily available, such as the pUR, pEX, and pMR100 series (see, e.g., Sambrook et al., supra.). For certain applications, it may be desirable to cleave the non-glycosyltransferase and/or accessory enzyme amino acids from the fusion protein after purification. This can be accomplished by any of several methods known in the art, including cleavage by cyanogen bromide, a protease, or by Factor X a (see, e.g., Sambrook et al., supra.; Itakura et al., Science (1977) 198: 1056; Goeddel et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA (1979) 76: 106; Nagai et al., Nature (1984) 309: 810; Sung et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA (1986) 83: 561). Cleavage sites can be engineered into the gene for the fusion protein at the desired point of cleavage.	0
One aspect of the present invention is an iron-type golf club head having a body and a face. The face has a plurality of scorleines thereon. The plurality of scorelines comprises a plurality of columns of scorelines. Each of the plurality of columns of scorelines offset from an adjacent column of scorelines. Parallel scorelines within a column of scorelines have a parallel spacing greater than 0.075 inch.	0
FIG. 12 illustrates schematically a cross-section of an exemplary fibrous layer having a non-woven construction.	0
The above method makes it easy to display all the recorded video information in such a manner that all the video information is a string of information like a single tape. Moreover, the method enables the user to operate the apparatus as if to record, delete, or reproduce the data in a specific place on a single tape.	0
A fourth embodiment of the present invention is described below.	0
Antibodies with reduced effector function include those with substitution of one or more of Fc-region residues 238, 265, 269, 270, 297, 327 and 329 (see, e.g., U.S. Pat. No. 6,737,056). Such Fc mutants include Fc mutants with substitutions at two or more of amino acid positions 265, 269, 270, 297 and 327, including the so-called “DANA” Fc mutant with substitution of residues 265 and 297 to alanine (U.S. Pat. No. 7,332,581).	0
FIG. 46 is a perspective, disassembled view of the gripper arms mounting mechanism.	0
During insertion, the circumferential indexing feature 146 is properly aligned (i.e. tab 150 aligned to alcove 82 ). With continued insertion, the post 142 of the supply electrode assembly 36 begins to enter the blind bore 72 of the cannula 28 . This substantially aligns the supply electrode 118 laterally to the through-bore 57 thus preventing potential damage and/or plastic deformation of the supply electrode 118 . Also, the forward projecting tab 150 begins to enter the alcove 82 assuring that the terminals 86 , 140 are circumferentially aligned. Continued insertion causes the terminal 140 of the supply electrode assembly 36 to abut against contact pad 93 of the terminal 86 which in-turn causes the arm 88 of terminal 86 to flex or bow further within the alcove 82 . This causes the spring or biasing force that presses the terminal end 90 against the outer tube 54 to increase providing a reliable electrical connection.	0
In addition, the order of the phases may be changed. That is, in some embodiments the silane/borane agent may be the next reactant provided after the second reactant, while in other embodiments the silane/borane agent may be the next reactant provided after the first metal source reactant. And in some embodiments, the silane/borane agent may be supplied after only some cycles or after all cycles have been completed. For example, in some embodiments the third phase (provision of the silane/borane agent) may immediately follow the first phase (provision of the reactant comprising a metal species), which in turn is followed by the carbon-contributing phase. And in some embodiments, the third phase may be supplied as a vapor “soak” after the thin film has been completely formed. That is, the deposited film is exposed to a silane or a borane in vapor form for a period of time. A phase is generally considered to immediately follow another phase if only a purge or other reactant removal step intervenes.	0
Other and further embodiments utilizing one or more aspects of the invention described above can be devised without departing from the spirit of Applicant's invention. For example, other types of valves, restrictors, check valves, chambers, configurations for normally open and normally closed, different shapes cages and spools, and return mechanisms after actuation, as well as other variations can occur in keeping within the scope of the claims.	0
FIG. 5 provides ASTM B117 salt spray resistance results (average rating) comparing an embodiment of the present invention to a bare metal control (upon which no rust inhibitor had been applied) after application of a conventional zinc rich/haze gray coating on each.	0
The above-described storage chamber of the refrigerator includes an open front surface, and the open front surface of the storage chamber is usually closed by a door of the refrigerator to maintain the temperature of the storage chamber. The storage chamber is divided into a refrigeration room and a freezer compartment by a partition, and the refrigeration room and the freezer compartment are opened and closed by a refrigeration room door and a freezer compartment door, respectively.	0
Further, the CPU may be configured to, when a point on the display is selected, and the point is moved and then information about a movement distance of the point is output, determine the movement distance to be a phase, and may be configured to, when a point on the display is selected, and the point is rotated and then information about a rotational direction of the point is output, determine an angle of a rotational motion of the point to be a phase.	0
Pro Val Leu Glu Leu Phe Glu Arg Leu Leu Glu Asp Leu Leu Lys Ala	0
The thickening agents may be derived from polyacrylic acid, polyurethanes, emulsified white spirit, materials derived from cellulose, guar gums, other carbohydrates or any other suitable material. Binding agents may be selected from the wide variety of binding agents available for the production of pigment prints on textiles as is the case also with regard to flame proofing or softening agents. Cross-linking agents include the condensation products of formaldehyde with urea, urea derivatives, melamine or triazones, as well as glyoxal and 2,2'-dimethoxy ethanol.	0
Ile Val Asp Ala Glu Lys Val Glu Lys Lys Phe Leu Gly Arg Pro Ile	0
If desired, a cap 490 , may be secured to the socket 400 by engaging the threads 491 of the cap 490 with the threads 408 of the socket 400 as shown in FIGS. 7(a) and 7(b). One benefit of the design of the preferred embodiment is that the cap 490 may be threaded into socket 200 . Other larger sockets just have slip fit caps which can easily be removed with no tools. The preferred embodiment requires a maintenance person to use a key (in our case an Allen key) to lock the cap 490 into place.	0
The supported resonant mode patterns and the dimensions of the microwave chamber 31 and the match plate 114 are utilized to set the dimensions of the launch box 80 , the launch box cavity 82 , and/or the waveguides 100 . Specifically, through research and experimentation, the present inventors have determined that the dimensions of the launch box 80 to accommodate the resonant modes within the microwave chamber 31 include: width of 306 millimeters (LW), depth of 306 millimeters (LD), and height of 112 millimeters (LH) (see FIGS. 12-13). By using the above-described equation that governs the resonant modes and factoring in a manufacturing tolerance of +/−2.0 millimeters for the dimensions (e.g. height, width, and length) of the launch box 80 (see FIG. 13), the present inventors have determined that the launch box 80 supports mode patterns of 411 , 141 , and 331 that resonate within the launch box cavity 82 . Referring to FIG. 12, the resonant modes, 411 (shown as line labeled R), 141 (shown as line labeled B) and 331 (shown as line labeled G), are graphically represented relative to the launch box 80 and the match plate 114 . As is well known in the art, the E-field (electric field or voltage) and H-field (magnetic field or current) components of the microwaves are 90 degrees out-of-phase, and as such both the 411 (E-field) resonant mode and the 141 (H-field) resonant mode will propagate evenly in the launch box cavity 82 while the 331 resonant mode evenly adds intensity to both the E-field and the H-field. As a result, the height of each resonant mode has a maxima located at 56 millimeters or one-half wavelength (λ/2) (note that 56 millimeters is also the location at which the launch box cavity 82 is adjacent to the launch opening 48 in the drive sidewall 46 ) due to the E-field and the H-field having the same vertical magnitude. The sum of the resonant voltages, e.g. the E-field, propagates through the oven impedance (Zo) from the drive sidewall 46 and/or the launch aperture 78 to the match plate 114 giving rise to a decreased intensity due to reflective impedance. Conversely, the magnetic current, e.g. H-field, passes unimpeded down the drive sidewall 46 within the microwave launch box section 18 and thereby propagates across the belt 50 . As such, the microwave chamber 31 within the microwave launch box section 18 experiences conductive H-field heating combined with reduced E-field heating across the belt 50 .	0
The actuator 329 and wellbore pressure outside the blocks 926 apply a force to the blocks 926 as they are pressed together. In the face-to-face contact position of FIGS. 9B and 10B, the blocks 1526 are permitted to press together to distribute force therebetween. To permit the face-to-face contact position, it is preferable that the pipe seals 928 are prevented from extending between the blocks 926 . By allowing the pipe seals 928 to flow out the cavity 1234 , forces applied to the pipe seal 928 are permitted to exit the blocks 926 . Preferably, the pipe seals 928 are permitted to flow out of the blocks 926 to prevent forces applied to the blocks 926 from remaining in the blocks and potentially causing damage thereto.	0
The customization environment module 10 provided by the embodiment makes the users execute the customization operations for the terminal software on the visual interface, visually customize the terminal software, and execute the different and personalized customizations for the terminal software according to the own preference. The related customization command is sent to the terminal software by the customization execution module 20 , the terminal software can directly respond after receiving the customization command, and display the customization result to the users; thus, the terminal software which can satisfy the own demands of the users can be obtained via simple operations, the personalized demands of different users can be satisfied, and the research and development pressure of the manufacturers can be reduced.	0
An aligned CNT aggregate was produced by causing the production apparatus described in &#x3c;Embodiment 2> to successively carry out a process including the formation step and the growth step.	0
As an example, the cathode electrode line 140 a may extend in a second direction that is perpendicular to the first direction. As another example, the cathode electrode line 140 a may extend in the first direction.	0
(2) having a high clearing point (a phase transition temperature between the liquid crystal phase and an isotropic phase);	0
Sequences for IL-6 and IL-8 proteins for various different organisms are known. In some embodiments, the detected IL-6 protein comprises, consists or consists essentially of the sequence as set forth in SEQ ID NO: 1:	0
The multicast group formation engine 410 includes hardware, software and/or firmware for generating one or more multicast groups, e.g., for determining which STAs of the STAs in the service set are part of a multicast group. Formation of a multicast group may be effected using a process such as user selection.	0
An upper compartment 14 is sealed by a second opening portion 21 to allow ease of access to an internal volume of the case 2 from an upper region. An outer front panel 12 is provided that preferably provides protection against shock, moisture, abrasion, and various other environmental forces and/or factors. The front panel 12 may be selectively openable via a zipper, but is depicted as a being a sealed panel in the figures.	0
In accordance with the present invention made through research and development by the inventors to meet the requirements described above, there is provided a cabinet for electronic apparatus including at least one surface formed by conducting presswork for magnesium-lithium alloy, wherein the surface has a plate thickness t (mm) in a range of 0.4≦t≦2.0, at least one bent portion between at least two of the surfaces has a radius of curvature r (mm) on an inside of the bent portion in a range of t≦r, and at least one side surface standing relative to a bottom surface selected from the surfaces has a height H (mm) in a range of 0≦H≦r+4.	0
FIG. 8 illustrates a physical map of a network as monitored by the network management module in accordance with another embodiment of the present invention, with FIG. 8A showing a street map view and FIG. 8B showing a satellite view;	0
The term “attract” as used throughout the specification is defined hereinafter to include and is not limited to: to draw by appealing to the emotions or senses, by stimulating interest, or by exciting admiration; allure; and invite.	0
FIGS. 18 to 23 are diagrams showing embodiments in which the size of a selection area is changed according to the phase.	0
The base plate 88 is secured to the housing at a fixed distance by four support posts 92 (only two being shown). One of the support posts 92 is fixed adjacent each corner of the base plate and extends through a clearance opening in the adjacent corner of the push plate 90 . Each support post 92 extends through a compression spring 94 (only two being shown) located between the base plate 88 and the push plate 90 . The compression springs 94 normally bias the plates 88 and 90 apart to allow loading of a coupling device and tubular member.	0
separating said branched-chain monoolefin from said branched-chain polyolefin and said straight-chain paraffin hydrocarbon in said first and second effluent fluid streams, said separation providing a fourth effluent fluid stream comprising branched-chain polyolefin and straight-chain paraffin hydrocarbon;	0
FIG. 3 illustrates schematically a cross-section of an exemplary fiber of tape construction containing a core with two first layers sandwich the core and one second layer covering one of the first layers.	0
The first section/portion 1902 a of the image sensor 1902 may correspond to approximately a first half of the image sensor 1902 , and the second section/portion 1902 b of the image sensor 1902 may correspond to approximately a second half of the image sensor 1902 . In one embodiment, the phrase “approximately . . . half of the image sensor 1902 ” refers to 45-55% of the image sensor 1902 . In another embodiment, the phrase “approximately . . . half of the image sensor 1902 ” refers to 40-60% of the image sensor 1902 .	0
Phe Lys Phe Tyr Met Pro Lys Lys Ala Thr Glu Leu Lys His Leu Gln	0
FIG. 4 is a cross-sectional view of an example direct-acting diaphragm actuator.	0
These products can then be treated to remove COS, and Table 30 illustrates the quantity and quality of the products exiting the unit operation COS to H 2 S 619 , which, with the aid of a catalyst, converts carbonyl sulfide to hydrogen sulfide. TABLE 30 Output from COS to H 2 S Unit Operation Rate Material Composition (tonnes/hr) High CO syngas stream CO - 37.1% (250° C.) CO 2 - 40.7% H 2 - 1.8% H 2 O - 19.7% N 2 - 0.6% H 2 S - 0.05% Total 413	0
Also, the plate-like work W having plate thickness t 1 is ironed at a central portion in the length direction into the plate thickness t 2 at the central portion, as shown in FIG. 6B. Thereby, the work W has two remaining portions having plate thickness t 1 in a non-worked state. Thereafter, one of the two remaining portions is ironed by changing the ironing direction by 90 degrees, whereby the plate thickness of a part of this remaining portion is made t 2 . Thereby, the plate thickness of the work W can be made t 2 at the central portion in the length direction and the peripheral portion.	0
In one aspect, the invention provides a fusion protein comprising an antibody that binds to the same epitope as an antibody that binds to a human major histocompatibility complex presenting a peptidic fragment of an hepatitis-B-virus protein with a VH of SEQ ID NO: 35 and a VL of SEQ ID NO: 39.	0
As with the first example, the femto base station 100 extracts base station IDs from the registered measurement results and determines a previous base station ID group and a current base station ID group. Furthermore, the femto base station 100 extracts, for each base station ID, reception quality information of reception signals from the registered measurement results registered before power-on and the registered measurement results registered this time.	0
Having briefly described the present invention, the above and further objects, features and advantages thereof will be recognized by those skilled in the pertinent art from the following detailed description of the invention when taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings.	0
If, for example, the remaining ink level in the first ink cartridge 210 drops slightly faster than the remaining ink level in the second ink cartridge 220 , the first ink cartridge 210 will reach the near_end level first and the second ink cartridge 220 will reach the near_end level sometime later. More particularly, the second ink cartridge 220 will reach the near_end level after the first ink cartridge 210 reaches the near_end level and before the first ink cartridge 210 goes empty. This is because the ink cartridges 210 and 220 are used substantially equally. If the first color indicator 5 A signals the near_end level and then the second color indicator 5 B also signals the near_end level, the user can replace both ink cartridges 210 and 220 at the same time when either ink cartridge 210 or 220 goes empty first. The delay period between reaching the near_end level and going empty thus absorbs the difference in ink consumption by the ink cartridges 210 and 220 so that both ink cartridges 210 and 220 can be replaced at the same time without wasting ink.	0
Fasteners within the apertures 126 can also function as creep resistant barriers when the intumescent strip 100 is in the non-expanded configuration, which may allow for the use and containment of thermoplastic materials having relatively higher creep properties than would be desirable if the strip 100 did not include the plurality of fasteners extending through the third layer 106 .	0
It is important to note that the belt buckle 10 securely retains the credit card 26 and the picture identification card 28 in position regardless of the attitude taken by the wearer. This prevents accidental loss of the credit card 26 or the picture identification card 28 .	0
In addition, it has been found highly advantageous that the inventive process produces a relatively high yield of raw coke from the coal tar distillate feedstock using a relatively moderate pressure. Specifically, this yield of raw coke can be of from about 60% to about 90% of the coal tar distillate. This is significantly higher than the 30% to 50% yield obtained from petroleum-derived decant when coked at comparable pressures	0
In the following, the embodiment of the present invention will concretely be described by giving examples, but the present invention is not limited to these examples.	0
This application claims the benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e) of U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/698,181 filed Jul. 11, 2005.	0
FIG. 3 is an illustration of the load distribution of the right side of a cutting disk of a shield machine;	0
In the present case, round-head milling cutters, also known as ball milling cutters, are understood generally to mean those shank milling cutters that have a tool head comprising a number of cutting teeth that each comprise a cutting edge. The respective cutting edge in these cases first runs radially outward, approximately in the radial direction, in a front-side radial portion of the respective cutting tooth, and passes, via an arcuate course, into a circumferential axial portion of the cutting tooth extending substantially in the axial direction. A ball milling cutter in the narrower sense is understood in this case to mean a ball head geometry in which the respective cutting edge runs, immediately from the center of the drill bit, along an arcuate line and has a constant radius. Ball milling cutters in the present case are also understood to mean milling cutters having a toroidal geometry, in which the cutting edge regions have differing radii, or can also run rectilinearly in the radial portion and/or axial portion.	0
In another embodiment, the controller could be enabled to monitor for the recurrence of non-reportable, threshold dependent events. On an individual basis, these lesser events would typically transpire without exceeding a threshold level. However, if the controller 980 recognizes the non-reportable events as being repetitive, it could be programmed to identify the event as a chronic problem, i.e., making the string of non-reportable events into a reportable event. One exemplary scenario would be non-critical pressure fluctuations in the injection system 402 . Although these pressure fluctuations would not necessarily eclipse a threshold level, they may serve as an indication of a pump or other system malfunction and signify the need for maintenance. Other examples of non-reportable events include, but are not limited to, the manual change in a catalyst setpoint, the manual addition of catalyst, fluctuations of the indicated weight in the vessel, raw weight sensor readings, sensor drift, and the like.	0
Research in other species strongly suggests that this recovery is mediated by visual experience. In another experiment, we tested the hypothesis that peripheral vision is sufficient to drive this vision-dependent recovery. Five monkeys that had developed either myopia or hypermetropia as a result of wearing the annular diffuser lenses as described previously were tested. At approximately 4 months of age, the annular diffuser lenses were removed and a 2 mm to 3 mm circular section of the retina centered on the fovea of one eye (equivalent to approximately the central 5° to 7°) was ablated using an Argon photocoagulation (blue-green) laser. The other eye was not treated and the animals were subsequently allowed unrestricted vision.	0
It is necessary that the reflection surface of the main reflector 2 has a configuration which allows light reflected from the subsidiary reflector 3 to travel forward from the surface light source. It is preferable that the inclination of the reflection surface of the main reflector 2 becomes steeper, as the reflection surface of the main reflector 2 becomes distant from the subsidiary reflector 3 . When the surface light source is rectangular, it is preferable that the reflection surface of the main reflector 2 is concave when the reflection surface is seen in the short-side direction.	0
Leu Glu Arg Val Ala Lys Tyr Ser Met Glu Asp Ala Lys Ala Ile Tyr	0
When the valve body 182 rotates to the position illustrated in FIG. 2, the first inlet port 18 a communicates with the first outlet port 18 c , and communication is shut off between the second inlet port 18 b and the first outlet port 18 c . Accordingly, the coolant flowing in through the first inlet port 18 a flows out through the first outlet port 18 c , and the coolant flowing in through the second inlet port 18 b does not flow out through the first outlet port 18 c.	0
Fc-Fusion proteins (also known as Fc chimeric fusion protein, Fc-Ig, Ig-based Chimeric Fusion protein and Fc-tag protein) are composed of the Fc domain of IgG genetically linked to a peptide or protein of interest. Fc-Fusion proteins have become valuable reagents for in vivo and in vitro research.	0
FIG. 31 is a front view of a coned disc spring;	0
The theoretical explanation of DSSS signal generation and detection may be understood as follows. The DSSS signal, represented by u i , can be generated by using a spectrum “spreading code”, represented by c i and generated, for example, by the PRN generator ( 32 in FIG. 1A), to modulate a baseband carrier. A baseband carrier can be generated, for example, by the local oscillator ( 30 in FIG. 1A). The baseband carrier has a waveform represented by ψ(t). The spreading code has individual elements c ij (called “chips”) each of which has the value +1 or −1 when 0≦j&#x3c;N and 0 for all other values of j. If a suitably programmed PRN generator is used, the code will repeat itself after a selected number of chips. N is the length (the number of chips) of the code before repetition takes place. The baseband carrier is preferably centered in time at t=0 and its amplitude is normalized so that at time zero the baseband carrier amplitude is equal to unity, or (ψ(0)=1). The time of occurrence of each chip i within the spreading code may be represented by Tc. The signal used to drive each vibrator may thus be defined by the expression:	0
Then, a rinsing cycle is performed in S 236 . The rinsing cycle is performed by supplying wash water into the tub 105 through the water supply valve 135 and then alternately rotating the drum 110 in the forward and reverse directions to agitate the laundry in the drum 110 by the drive motor 145 in response to a control signal from the controller 200 . The rinsing cycle is performed once or more, and the last rinsing cycle will be referred to as a final rinsing cycle.	0
All subject matter of the Related Application and of any and all parent, grandparent, great-grandparent, etc. applications of the Related Applications is incorporated herein by reference to the extent such subject matter is not inconsistent herewith.	0
FIG. 8 is a view illustrating variation from a Euclidean space to an affine space;	0
It lies within the understanding of the skilled person that the mentioned activation methods are of mere illustrative character and are not intended to be of limiting character.	0
Hereunder, an embodiment of the present invention will be described referring to the drawings. In FIGS. 1 and 2A to 2 C, the structure involving a frame 1 , a thread take-up 3 , components 24 to 31 associated with a needle bar, components 35 to 38 associated with a needle bar stopper, components 41 to 44 associated with a presser foot, components 5 to 22 associated with a carriage, components associated with a skipping mechanism 70 (except those related to the description of novel technical matters (such as structure, combination or function of the components) introduced in the following description given regarding such components as a engaging device 27 of the needle bar, a second latching portion 16 b of the carriage, and an operating member 78 ) represents a structure made up so as to attain similar movement and function to those of a sewing machine constituted of the components of a conventionally known model, for example the sewing machine shown in FIG. 1 of the patented document 1.	0
A cover panel 71 to cover the cutouts 50 d is detachably attached to the base segment 42 of the door 42 . The cover panel 71 is included in a concept of “cover” of the present invention. Based on covering the cutouts 50 d by the cover panel 71 , the guide blocks 65 , the linear rail 64 and the belt member 60 located therebelow, exposed through the cutouts 50 d , are hidden behind the cover panel 71 (see FIG. 7). The cover panel 71 is attached to each of a platform inner-side surface and a track-side surface of the base segment 42 .	0
FIGS. 4 and 5 are top schematic views of flow control systems used in waterways for assisting energy harvesting devices, in accordance with certain embodiments.	0
Further, six months cyclical dose toxicity was studied in rats by intravenous injection of polymer used in nanoparticle formulation. Male/Female Wistar rats were used for the study and dosing was done intravenously in the lateral tail vein cyclically once every three weeks for a period of 180 days (approximately 26 weeks). Animals of treated and control groups remained generally active and healthy during the period of study. The polymer concentration equivalent to 10 mg/kg of drug was found to be safe in the animals under study. Minimum alterations in haematology parameters noticed were within the normal range for Wistar rats and were not found to be treatment related.	0
Overall, the method of the present invention was able to generate calls for 779 out of the 792 SNP calls possible for the 132 patient samples analyzed for each of the 6 SNPs. A total of 13 calls resulting from 3 individual samples could not be made due to minimum signal requirements or allelic ratio cut-offs not being met.	0
Said thread tensioner may be an element exerting a certain tension force on the weft yarn, as well as a controlled element exerting a controlled tension, whether according to a well-defined course or not. Preferably, the thread tensioner is fixedly installed next to the sley.	0
While this invention has been described with reference to illustrative embodiments and examples, the description is not intended to be construed in a limiting sense. Thus, various modifications of the illustrative embodiments, as well as other embodiments of the invention, will be apparent to persons skilled in the art upon reference to this description. It is therefore contemplated that the appended claims will cover any such modifications or embodiments.	0
FIG. 4 illustrates an exemplary analysis process. The analyzer server 800 is shown at the top of the figure and contains the analyzer database 804 and the analyzer harness 806 . In the lower right portion of FIG. 4, the HAO server 105 is shown which contains the tracker database 106 that contains configuration and performance information with respect to the nodes 302 and 304 , etc. in the enterprise 300 . To the left in FIG. 4, the report generator server 202 is shown together with the database 204 that contains the report templates and rules and the report generator 206 .	0
Because of the above mentioned problems, it is desirable to have a computer-based application that reduces patient file review times by streamlining the application process while also decreasing patient dropout rates by keeping the patient involved and informed about their progress in the approval process and to let them know which stage they are in the process. In addition, it is important for healthcare providers and companies to know how patients are doing so they limit adverse events and improve their product as well as healthcare delivery.	0
While the apparatus configuration, control method, and the like not directly necessary for explaining the present invention are not described, some or all of them can be selectively used on a case-by-case basis when needed. For example, although description of the configuration of the control unit for controlling the inspection apparatus 100 is omitted, it should be understood that some or all of the configuration of the control unit can be selected and used appropriately when necessary.	0
Ala Lys Leu Val Asn Lys Xaa Ser Asp Phe Ala Ser Asn Cys Cys Ser	0
Thus, the controller, and suitable valves and/or pumps can also be configured to, as demand and operating conditions warrant, either receive very cold water directly from the cold-water supply ( 1 ), or provide at least the warmer water from the heating-control storage tank to the water heater ( 10 ) as “makeup water”. This warmer “makeup water” can be taken from either the cold or hot end of the heating-control storage tank. If “warmish but not cold” water is taken from the hot end of the stratified heating control storage tank, this may allow the hot water heater ( 10 ) to more quickly, and with less energy, heat the warmer (above the ambient temperature of the cold-water supply) makeup water to the desired hot water temperature.	0
FIG. 4 is a perspective view of the syringe mounted to the cannula designating the tool in an anesthetic state;	0
The slow displacements can be carried out with a switching time of more than 200 ms, in particular with a switching time of up to 1 s, in particular of up to 2 s, in particular up to 5 s. They can be carried out very precisely. In particular, they can be carried out with a relative accuracy which is better than 1:1000. The absolute accuracy when displacing the first facets can be better than 1 mrad, in particular better than 500 μrad, in particular better than 200 μrad, in particular better than 100 μrad, in particular better than 50 μrad. This applies in particular to the slow positioning.	0
White solid, 90% yield, >99% ee (CHIRALPAK IC, hexane/iPrOH 99.9:0.1); [α]D 22 +28.3° (c=1.05, CHCl 3 ); 1 H NMR (CDCl 3 ): δ7.60-7.57 (m, 4H), 7.47-7.41 (m, 2H), 7.37-7.34 (m, 3H), 3.93-3.90 (dd, J=2.6, 4.0 Hz, 1H), 3.20-3.17 (dd, J=4.0, 5.6 Hz, 1H), 2.87-2.84 ppm (dd, J=2.6, 5.6 Hz, 1H).	0
Studies have shown that GcMAF has a tumoricidal role in the treatment of an Ehrlich ascites tumor in a mouse model (Yamamoto et al., 1997. Cancer Res. 57:2187-2192; Koga et al., 1999. Proc Soc Exp Biol Med. 220:20-26). In a mice model of squamous cell carcinoma, administration of GcMAF as an adjuvant immunotherapy to photodynamic therapy showed a synergistic effect on tumor cure in mice (Korbelik et al. 1997.Br J Cancer 75:202-207). In both tumor models, it was hypothesized that GcMAF elicited its effect by activating macrophages, which then directly attacked the tumor cells. Further evidence suggested that GcMAF is anti-tumorigenic in part through an antiangiogenic mechanism (Kisker et al., 2003. Neoplasia 5(1):32-40). In all models, high potency of GcMAF as an anti-tumorigenic therapy was observed.	0
What is more, the energy of the (YVO 4 ) laser need not to adjust once it can remove the anti-coating layer 42 in this embodiment. Besides, the laser energy utilized to remove the anti-coating layer 42 is lower than the conventionally energy utilizes to remove the conductive circuit or metal circuit. Therefore, the laser energy in this embodiment is rather low which can't destroy the substrate 40 easily. That is say, in the reality process of executing a patterned processing, laser can remove the anti-coating layer 42 easily, so as to decrease the influence to the substrate 40 significantly. Nevertheless, the instant disclosure is not limited to the type of laser, a green laser with wavelength of 532 nm or other type of laser might also be utilized.	0
Although it is shown in the drawings that the vertical plate 2311 has the same height as the holders 2120 , it is not limited to this. In other words, the vertical plate 2311 can be formed to have a larger height compared to the holders 2120 on the basis of the size of the PCB 7002 .	0
By establishing the wireless link 106 with the asynchronous middleware communications system 112 only if certain conditions are met, this provides the inventive system with a tremendous benefit and advantage over conventional technology that may require a constant link or connection to communicate with a back-end computer system 121 . In the cellular telephone non-limiting example, by establishing the link 106 to the asynchronous middleware communications system 112 only periodically and through using compressed data, the communications gateway 103 can significantly conserve resources such as bandwidth and connection time. Often communication rates over a cellular phone network are based on connection time or duration. By establishing connections infrequently and for short durations on a cellular network, the communications gateway 103 can substantially reduce operating costs and extend the mean time between failures (MTBF) for components of the inventive system. In other words, scheduling only periodic links 106 can also conserve costs that are associated with wireless networks and “air-time”. The periodic links 106 can also support improved system MTBF rates for system components.	0
The term “process state data” means main memory address and memory value at this address or CPU register's address and the value at the address.	0
FIG. 38B illustrates an aortic filter assembly 904 designed to pass over a guidewire 907 or other guiding member. Aortic filter assembly 904 may have a channel 909 on the exterior surface of aortic filter assembly 904 . Channel 909 is constructed such that a TAVI deployment catheter or other catheter may pass through channel 909 . The operator may also rotate aortic filter assembly 904 such that the TAVI catheter properly passes through channel 909 . The control handle may indicate the rotational location of channel 909 help the operator correctly orient aortic filter 904 . Alternatively, channel 909 may have at least one or two radiopaque markers to enable identification of channel 909 using fluoroscopy.	0
FIG. 4 is a logic flow diagram illustrating the verification system during an ongoing service call between service user and a service provider. The method 400 starts at block 410 when a telephonic connection between the service user and the service provider is first established when either the service user calls a call center of the service provider or when a service provider calls a service user. To verify the caller, at block 420 , a verification code is sent to the service user. At block 430 , the service user relays the verification code back to the service provider during the ongoing service call. At block 440 , the verification code that was transmitted to the service user and the verification code that was relayed back to the service provider are compared to determine if the codes match. If both the transmitted verification code and the relayed verification codes match at decision block 450 , the system considers the user to be verified and ends at block 460 . If there is no match at decision block 440 , the system may retransmit another verification code, at block 420 .	0
In some implementations, the data record system 130 can provide the set of data records that can be displayed in the search results display 111 . In some examples, a display prominence of the one or more data records within the search results display 111 is determined. In some examples, the search system 120 determines the display prominence. In some examples, the data record system 130 determines the display prominence. In some examples, the display prominence can include a position of each data record within the search results display 111 and/or visual effects that can be added to data records within the search results display 111 . For example, a data record can be displayed at a top portion of the search results display 111 , e.g., above search results, such that the data record is prominently displayed to the user. As another example, the data record can be displayed on a side portion, e.g., left-hand-side, right-hand-side, of the search results display, such that the data record is less prominently displayed to the user, e.g., relative to if the data record had been displayed in the top portion.	0
FIG. 1 b is a sectional view along line AB in FIG. 1 a;	0
If the set water level is determined, the water intake flow and water intake time corresponding to different water pressures are different, and the relation between the flow rate, flow velocity, cross sectional area, and water pressure of the water intake valve is: Q=√{square root over (μ*A*(2*P/ρ))}=A*V, wherein μ is a flow coefficient related to the shape of the valve or pipe, generally within the range of 0.6-0.65; A is the cross sectional area of the water pipe in m 2 ; P is a difference of pressures before and after passing the valve in Pa, and P=P 1 −P 2 , where P 1 is the water pressure, and P 2 is the standard atmospheric pressure; p is the fluid density in Kg/m 3 ; and v is the flow velocity. According to the above relational expression, the influent water pressure is directly proportional to the flow, i.e. Q 2 =k 1 *P, where k 1 can be calculated according to relevant parameters of a water tap.	0
Therefore, the need exists to provide a navigation device for a movable object, which permits an increase in usage safety, usage reliability and/or the density of the information required.	0
The air space between the shade cover and the bow surface is equally important as the shade cover itself. To support the effectiveness of the shade cover, the air space must be maintained. The rise of a bow or attachment position of the shade cover may compromise the space. The plane of the shade cover may be elevated with a spacer placed at the point where there may be contact. A spacer may be secured to the shade cover or the boat.	0
The information in the picture object 1013 of FIG. 3D is divided into still picture data and thumbnail picture data, which are recorded in a file RWPICTURE_OBJECT.POB and a file RWTHUMBNAIL_OBJECT.POB shown in FIG. 4. The audio object 1014 of FIG. 3D is recorded in a file RWAUDIO_OBJECT.AOB shown in FIG. 4.	0
FIGS. 1B through 1D are perspective views showing modified examples of templates of the graphene structure of FIG. 1A;	0
The threshing drum 16 is supported by two cylinder support rollers 26 at the front that ride in the front roller channel 20 and two cylinder support rollers 26 at the rear that ride in the rear roller channel 21 . There are additional cylinder rollers 261 on the top side of the threshing drum 16 that control vertical movement. The cylinder support rollers 26 and 261 can be seen in FIG. 1 and FIG. 6 shows the corresponding roller channels 20 and 21 on the threshing drum frame 19 . As the threshing rotor 15 pushes material through the threshing drum 16 there is a reactive reverse load that pushes the threshing drum 16 forward. This load is controlled by the thrust flange 23 on the threshing drum frame 19 . The threshing drum 16 is chain driven using the cylinder drive sprocket 22 . In case of a chain failure, an anti-rotation plate 24 and corresponding lockout have been added as a safety precaution to stop the threshing drum 16 from reversing and turning rapidly in the same direction as the threshing rotor 15 .	0
As shown in FIG. 3A, in some embodiments, the outer surface 42 of the bit leg 20 may be generally smooth and continuous, and differing thicknesses of hardfacing 52 may be applied to the outer surface 42 of the bit leg 20 in upper region 60 , groove region 44 , ridge region 50 and shirttail region 62 so as to define the differing average radial distances D 1 , D 2 , D 3 , and D 4 . By way of example and not limitation, the groove region 44 may comprise a first region of hardfacing material, the upper region 60 may comprise a second region of hardfacing material, the shirttail region 62 may comprise a third region of hardfacing, and the ridge region 50 may comprise a fourth region of hardfacing. Each region may comprise the average radial distance as described above.	0
Examples of organic solvents include hexane, heptane, octane, toluene, xylene, dichloromethane, chloroform, carbon tetrachloride, trichloroethylene and like hydrocarbon solvents; methanol, ethanol, propanol, butanol and like alcohol solvents; diethyl ether, dipropyl ether, dibutyl ether, ethyl vinyl ether, dioxane, propylene oxide, tetrahydrofuran, cellosolve, methyl cellosolve, butyl cellosolve, methyl carbitol, diethylene glycol monoethyl ether and like ether solvents; acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl isobutyl ketone, isophorone, cyclohexanone and like ketone solvents; methyl acetate, ethyl acetate, propyl acetate, butyl acetate and like ester solvents; pyridine, formamide, N,N-dimethyl formamide and like other solvents.	0
Woody biomass is a core element of our nation's strategy to replace imported oil and natural gas with renewable resources. Approximately two hundred million tons of wood waste is generated by the forest products and paper industries, most of which is being used for co-products or energy. Additionally, more than one hundred million tons of woody biomass is available, but not currently used, per year from forest management, wildfire fire protection, and urban woody debris. As forested landscapes in rural and urban areas are more intensively managed in the future, the amount of available woody biomass will increase.	0
In particular the purified cationic guar obtained by means of the procedure of the invention is free from 3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyltrimethylammonium chloride and has minimum contents of 2,3-dihydroxypropyl trimethylammonium chloride (possibly formed by the reaction of 3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyltrimethylammonium chloride with water during the cationising reaction).	0
In one implementation, the server systems 204 A and 204 B provide all of the coded files contained within the database servers 206 A and 206 B, respectively, to the search server system 210 for storage. The search server system 210 stores these files within the search database server 212 . In this implementation, the master library 106 of coded files is managed by the search database server 212 .	0
Asp Val Ala Pro Gln Val Gly His Lys Phe Cys Lys Asp Phe Pro Gly	0
In accordance with an aspect of the invention, a washing machine includes a frame and a wash basin assembly rotatably mounted within the frame. The wash basin assembly includes a wash basin container having a bottom and sidewalls extending up from the bottom. A reservoir is arranged at least partially about the sidewalls of the wash basin container. A first plurality of flow channels extends along the sidewalls and is provided in fluid communication with an interior of the wash basin container so as to receive a flow of wash liquid expelled therefrom. The flow channels are configured to expel the wash liquid along the sidewalls and into the reservoir. A reservoir drain is provided for draining wash liquid from the reservoir. The reservoir drain may take the form of a second plurality of flow channels provided to direct the wash liquid from the stabilizing reservoir to a central drain once the wash basin rotation slows and/or stops.	0
FIG. 7 is an enlarged fragmentary cross-sectional view showing a stitch transfer process from the transfer jack of Embodiment 2 to the knitting needle of the front needle bed.	0
In one embodiment the antibody comprises (a) a VH sequence having at least 95% sequence identity to the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 35, or to a humanized variant thereof; or (b) a VL sequence having at least 95% sequence identity to the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 39, or to a humanized variant thereof; or (c) a VH sequence as in (a) and a VL sequence as in (b), or a humanized variant thereof.	0
Mount second end 116 includes a plurality of concentric stepped surfaces 118 , 120 , and 122 configured for coupling to a bung extractor body 130 (shown in FIG. 4). First stepped surface 118 extends radially to a diameter 124 that is larger than internal diameter 108 , second stepped surface 120 extends radially to a diameter 126 that is larger than first stepped surface diameter 124 , and third stepped surface 122 extends radially to an outer diameter 128 of extractor mount 102 that is larger than second stepped surface diameter 126 . In an alternative embodiment (not shown), second end 116 has a single non-stepped surface that extends radially from internal diameter 108 to outer diameter 128 . It should be understood that, in alternative embodiments, second end 116 may have any suitable configuration that allows bung plug extractor system 100 to function as described herein.	0
Gly Pro Ser Asp Thr Pro Ile Leu Pro Gln	0
A sewing start/stop switch 21 , a touch panel 26 and drive circuits 72 , 75 , 85 , 86 and 88 are electrically connected to the input/output interface 65 . The drive circuit 72 is configured to drive a sewing machine motor 79 , and the drive circuit 75 is configured to drive a liquid-crystal display 15 . The drive circuits 85 and 86 are configured to drive the x-axis and y-axis motors 83 and 84 both of which move the embroidery frame 109 , respectively. The drive circuit 88 is electrically connected to the sewing machine side connector 352 . The drive circuit 88 drives via the frame side connector 944 and a conductive wire 945 an electric motor 947 provided on the embroidery frame 109 . The CPU 61 controls the motor 947 to rotate the middle frame 92 .	0
FIG. 2 depicts the stick-like stretching when a conventional mapping reaches a maximum extension.	0
Certain plants include a finished pulp vessel (not shown in the drawing) placed somewhere between the dewatering filter 21 and the storage tower 23 . In such cases, the pulp suspension can be diluted with white water in said location in two stages, i.e. both upstream of or in the finished pulp vessel, so as to obtain a temporary pulp consistency of about 5-6%, and downstream of said finished pulp vessel or in the storage tower 23 itself so as to obtain a pulp consistency of about 4-4.5% in said storage tower 23 . The temperature in the storage tower 23 may be about 60° C.	0
On the other hand, to cause the latching element to return more quickly to the engaging position with the engaging member of the needle bar, it might be an option to increase the spring force of the spring inside the solenoid to thereby eliminate obstruction against the latching element returning to the engaging position with its own biasing force. However, increasing the spring force of the spring inside the solenoid inversely creates resistance against the driving force of the solenoid driving the latching element to be disengaged from the engaging member of the needle bar, thus decreasing the disengaging speed of the latching element from the engaging member of the needle bar.	0
It is, nevertheless, possible to use the outer enclosure 10 without the inner rack 16 to dry, for example, shoes therein.	0
This application claims benefit of priority from U.S. Provisional Application No. 61/333,461 filed May 11, 2010, the content of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.	0
There is little distinction left between hardware and software implementations of aspects of systems; the use of hardware or software is generally (but not always, in that in certain contexts the choice between hardware and software can become significant) a design choice representing cost vs. efficiency tradeoffs. There are various vehicles by which processes and/or systems and/or other technologies described herein can be effected (e.g., hardware, software, and/or firmware), and that the preferred vehicle will vary with the context in which the processes and/or systems and/or other technologies are deployed. For example, if an implementer determines that speed and accuracy are paramount, the implementer may opt for a mainly hardware and/or firmware vehicle; if flexibility is paramount, the implementer may opt for a mainly software implementation; or, yet again alternatively, the implementer may opt for some combination of hardware, software, and/or firmware.	0
Asp Ile Pro Phe Ala Lys Arg Tyr Leu Ile Asp Lys Gly Leu Ile Pro	0
Oil filters are used in engine systems to remove contaminants from engine oil before the oil enters the engine. Oil filter elements are mounted within the oil filter and are made up of porous media. As oil passes through the oil filter elements in the oil filter, contaminants become entrained in the filter while clean oil passes through the pores and exits the filter to enter the engine. Such oil filters may be contained within a vehicle system, and thus may include a support frame for mounting the oil filter to the vehicle system. The vehicle system may also include various sub-assemblies, such as fuel sub-assemblies, that are also mounted via a support frame. The inclusion of multiple vehicle sub-assemblies each supported by separate support frames may increase the cost and weight of the vehicle.	0
A B-cell or antibody must first penetrate the extensive glycosylation present on the oligomer surface. Access to the CD4 binding region is likely to be further restricted by the variable loops, especially the V1/V2 loops. Although these loops are not present in the current structure, the position of the V1/V2 stem remaining in the current structure lies in close proximity to D1D2 CD4 and to the CD4 binding site (FIGS. 1 and 2 ). This location is consistent with our previous demonstrations that, a) removal of the V1/2/3 variable loops increases recognition of gp 120 by CD4 binding site antibodies and b) removal of the V1/V2 loops eliminates the requirement for CD4 to induce maximally the 17 b epitope (26, 28). The location of V1/V2 loops is thus proximal to the CD4 binding site. It is possible that, on the assembled oligomer, variable loops from adjacent monomers may influence access to CD4 binding sites on another subunit. This may be especially so on primary isolates, which are demonstrably more resistant to neutralizing antibodies than laboratory-adapted isolates (29). Finally, the recessed nature of the CD4 binding site pocket itself potentially contributes to impeding the access of antibodies to this region (see FIGS. 1 and 2 ). The structural constraints placed upon antibodies to circumvent the physical barriers impeding access to receptor binding regions apparently also contribute to the difficulty in eliciting these types of antibodies.	0
FIG. 19 is a diagram showing an embodiment in which information, such as an image, may be displayed as the selection area becomes larger. Further, in FIG. 19, although phases are represented by three phases for convenience of description, it is apparent that the phases may be further subdivided.	0
FIG. 16 is a sectional view showing a state in which the driven transmission gear, the annular plate member and others are assembled;	0
As described above, in one or more embodiments of the present invention, as long as there is a slight space between the characters, the space and the character can be accurately separated from each other. If there is a sufficient space between the characters, the character can be surely cut out accurately by the projection processing only in the direction along the y axis. In view of this point, a program for a simple projection mode of performing the projection processing only in the direction along the y axis and a program for a detailed projection mode for performing the projection processing shown in FIG. 6 may be registered in the main storage unit 11 , and the user may be allowed to select the mode to be performed, in accordance with the state of the character string as the recognition target.	0
Further, the connection member 4 may be used separately. Further, multiple connection members 4 may be used in combination. FIG. 7 is a diagram illustrating a modification of the usage of the connection member. It is noted that, for the modification illustrated in FIG. 7, the same reference numerals are provided to the same components as those in the above-described embodiment, and their description will be omitted.	0
Once the name of the entities and their relationships have been represented in a common fashion, one or more matching techniques may be employed to compare and match candidate entities (hereinafter “candidate entities” will denote both the candidate entities and their related entities that have been identified above) that may have a reporting obligation with those entities that have previously reported unclaimed property. One series of matching techniques is described below for purposes of illustration, but others may be employed without departing from the spirit and scope of the present invention. As an initial point of comparison, the Federal Identification Numbers of the candidate entities may be compared with the Federal Identification Numbers of those entities that have previously reported unclaimed property in any state. The complete name, as currently represented by the uninterrupted string of alphanumeric characters, may be compared to the complete name, again as represented by the uninterrupted string of alphanumeric characters, of the entities that have previously reported unclaimed property to any state to identify those that match. A further comparison based upon a truncated representation of the names of the candidate entities may be performed. While the names of the candidate entities may be truncated in various fashions, the first nine bytes of the name of each candidate entity, as now represented by the uninterrupted string of alphanumeric characters, is compared to the first nine bytes of the names of the entities that have previously reported unclaimed property to any state, as also now represented by the uninterrupted string of alphanumeric characters, with matches therebetween being identified. This additional level of matching is to try and identify entities that have different endings which may occur occasionally due to truncation of words.	0
The outer rim body 51 has a structure that is supported by the case 11 and that supports the cell receiving portions 60 . That is, the outer rim body 51 includes a board combining portion 52 and an inner surface contact portion 53 . The board combining portion 52 functions as a portion at which the cell holder 50 is locked to the circuit board 42 . Specifically, the board combining portion 52 includes two hooks, that is, a front locking hook 521 and a rear locking hook 522 that are locked to the above-mentioned circuit board 42 . These two front and rear locking hooks 521 and 522 are formed integrally with the outer rim body 51 so as to protrude upward from side surface receiving-partitioning portions 611 which extend toward the middle from the outer rim body 51 . These two front and rear locking hooks 521 and 522 are provided at positions that can be displaced forward and rearward on the center axis of the cell holder 50 in the left-and-right direction. Specifically, the front locking hook 521 is provided on the front side on the center axis of the cell holder 50 in the left-and-right direction, and the rear locking hook 522 is provided on the rear side on the center axis of the cell holder 50 in the left-and-right direction. The front locking hook 521 is engagingly locked to a front edge 421 of the circuit board 42 so as to protrude upwards as shown in FIG. 8. The locked front locking hook 521 pinches the circuit board 42 between itself and upper surface receiving-partitioning portions 612 of the cell receiving portions 60 described below. Further, the rear locking hook 522 is locked to a rear edge 422 of the circuit board 42 from above, and the locked rear locking hook 522 pinches the circuit board 42 between itself and the upper surface receiving-partitioning portions 612 of the cell receiving portions 60 described below. In this way, the board combining portion 52 , which includes the front and rear locking hooks 521 and 522 , combines the cell holder 50 with the circuit board 42 so that the cell holder 50 is integrally coupled to the circuit board 42 . Since the cell holder 50 and the circuit board 42 are combined in this way by the board combining portion 52 so as to be integrally coupled with each other, screw members such as bolts for retaining the cell holder 50 and the circuit board 42 do not need to be used. Accordingly, excellent productivity is obtained. Further, since the cell holder 50 and the circuit board 42 are held together by the board combining portion 52 , ease in the manufacturing process can also be improved.	0
Now say that the a user performs a one-point calibration which results in an average ground contact time of 0.26 seconds at a speed of 3.25 m/s. Using this ground contact time, the default regression equation would have estimated a speed of 135*(0.26)̂2+−97*(0.26)+19=2.90 m/s. The error is thus 3.25−2.90=0.35 m/s. The regression equation would be corrected by adjusting the offset (b3) by this error—the new regression coefficients would be b1=135, b2=−97 and b3=19.35. Effectively, this correction shifts the default calibration equation up or down to ensure that the relationship goes through the GCT-speed combination found in the one-point calibration. It has been found that generally the shape of the relationship (determined by b1 and b2) is somewhat constant between runners and most of the variability is in the offset (b3), correcting the default relationship by adjusting the offset leads to good results for most people.	0
Although only a single bracket 100 is shown in FIGS. 6-8 for ease of explanation, there can be multiple brackets 100 distributed along the height of the occupant seat 606 for attaching the structural portion 608 , or similar structural portions, to the surface 604 .	0
In this embodiment, as the optical modulation element, used are three liquid crystal light valves, i.e., a liquid crystal light valve 28 R for lights of red (serves both as first and second optical modulation elements), a liquid crystal light valve 28 G for lights of green (first optical modulation element), and a liquid crystal light valve 28 B for lights of blue (first optical modulation element). That is, the rear projector 1 of this embodiment is a so-called three-panel liquid crystal projector. The lights of red coming from the laser light source 27 R for color of red are directed to the liquid crystal light valve 28 R for lights of red after going through the illumination optical system 26 . Similarly, the lights of green coming from the laser light source 27 G for color of green are directed to the liquid crystal light valve 28 G for lights of green after going through the illumination optical system 26 , and the lights of blue coming from the laser light source 27 B for color of blue are directed to the liquid crystal light valve 28 B for lights of blue after going through the illumination optical system 26 . In this embodiment, used for display are the liquid crystal light valves utilizing polarization, and thus when no laser light source is used, a polarization conversion optical system may be provided to the illumination optical system 26 . The polarization conversion optical system serves to align the polarization state of lights coming from the light sources to those for use in the liquid crystal light valves 28 R, 28 G, 28 B.	0
The benefit of such a scheme will depend on the problem being solved. The extra calculation of the local solution and the subsequent increase in the number of global unknowns may or may not be offset by the longer time-step. In a 3-dimensional problem, one might expect significant time-step benefit for a relatively small number of extra unknowns. For example, if the global problem has one million grid blocks, adding tens, or even hundreds, of local time-steps is computationally more efficient than solving the equations ten or twenty times for all one million grid blocks. Further, as the spatial resolution of the grid is reduced, a fully implicit scheme will typically require a proportionately smaller time-step, leading to a quadratic dependence on grid size. Using the disclosed method, the scaling behavior is significantly improved as the unknowns are only added locally in space.	0
Eduction is insufficient at temperatures below 400.degree.C while at temperatures above 600.degree.C the material becomes fragile. Where the aging is carried out for less than 1 hour the degree off age-hardening is inadequate, and where the aging is carried out for longer than 5 hours, the strength of the material is decreased. It is preferred that the aging process be held within the period of 2.5 to 3.5 hours while best results are obtained at close to 3 hours.	0
b) running a set of a plurality of adjacent fiber bundles in direct wrapping contact with the surface of a series of static bars and driven rollers of the apparatus;	0
As a modification of the present invention, the first casing member is provided, at opposite ends thereof, with connection devices, each of which comprises a connection screw mounted to one end of the first casing member and a hand wheel mounted to an end of the connection screw and an engagement notch formed in an opposite end of the first casing member and engageable with the connection screw.	0
Likewise, as shown in FIG. 3, for example, shield 70 d may include a dam 30 d that may be provided about the periphery of circuitry region 25 d . Dam 30 d may include at least a first dam layer 35 d - 1 . First dam layer 35 d - 1 of shield 70 d may be formed on top surface 91 of circuit board 90 and may circumscribe at least bottom surface 29 d of electronic component 20 d . Dam 30 d may be electrically coupled to common voltage contact region 95 b of circuit board 90 . For example, as shown in FIG. 3, first dam layer 35 d - 1 may be disposed on top of common voltage contact region 95 b.	0
Contacting the applicator with the wax phase is as described above in the section ‘wax phase’, preferably by spraying, printing or by a direct contact procedure in which there is a direct contact between the applicator and an application head having slit nozzles.	0
Colorless oily substance, 82% yield, >99% ee (CHIRALPAK IC, hexane/iPrOH 99.9:0.1); [α]D 24 +20.5° (c=1.27, CHCl 3 ); 1 H NMR (CDCl 3 ): δ 7.50-7.45 (m, 2H), 7.18-7.13 (m, 2H), 3.84-3.81 (dd, J=2.6, 4.0 Hz, 1H), 3.16-3.13 (dd, J=4.0, 5.6 Hz, 1H), 2.77-2.74 ppm (dd, J=2.6, 5.6 Hz, 1H).	0
The enter key 28 is a button for determining a selected content.	0
The 1H NMR spectra of HMW honey fractions revealed in the protein NMR spectroscopy are shown in FIGS. 5A to 5E. The spectra for H16 (FIG. 5D) and H20 (FIG. 5E), that contained high amounts of free sugars showed sharp signals at about 5.21 and 4.61 ppm, that were attributed to H-1 of and -Glc, respectively. Samples H01 (FIG. 5A). H03 (FIG. 5B), H15, (FIG. 5C) and H16 snowed H-1 signals at 5.23 and 5.08 ppm, with H15 and H16 showing an addition H-1 signal at 5.43 ppm. These H-1 signals were consistent with NMR assignments of -L-Araf residues of AGs. Several other H-1 signals were observed in 4.4-4.6 ppm range that were assigned to H-1 of -D-Galp residues. These data provide further evidence for the presence of Type AGs, probably present as AGPs.	0
These polymers may further contain one or more units derived from fluorinated or partially fluorinated olefins containing one or more curable moieties, for example, polar group, such as, —CN,	0
Asn Ser Tyr Glu Cys Trp Cys Pro Phe Gly Phe Glu Gly Lys Asn Cys	0
Vehicle tailgate assemblies may include an inner wall and an outer wall made of sheet metal and/or plastic material. In the case of a pick-up truck with a drop-down tailgate, the tailgate assemblies may have an upright position or closed configuration in which the inner wall forms part of the enclosure of the pick-up bed where the inner wall and outer wall may enclose a tailgate space within the tailgate assembly. The tailgate assemblies may also have a drop down position or open configuration where the inner wall and the outer wall drop toward the ground to provide additional access to the pick-up bed.	0
As it is shown in FIG. 2, within the four-channel multi-point video conference, the calling process is segmented into 3 relatively independent groups of SIP session, the process is as follows:	0
When fabricated by a foaming process these voids will have a generally cylindrical contour. On the other hand, when bonding together a particled scrap material, the voids will be of infinitely varied contour. If the construction material were to be ground-up discarded tires, held together with a suitable bonding agent, the voids could be quite small, with the desired resilience being provided primarily by the inherent resilience of the particled tire material.	0
The coloring agent dispersion liquid manufacturing process adjusts the dispersion liquid of coloring agent fine particles, in which the coloring agent is dispersed in fine particles, by adding a pigment, a coloring agent, to a water media and performing the dispersion treatment of the pigment with a disperser.	0
Accordingly, the flexible member 16 does not have to withstand great forces during use, thereby allowing use of other flexible materials that are not as strong as is leather. However, leather is generally regarded as being aesthetically superior in appearance, feel, and quality to many other materials and is, therefore, generally preferred.	0
From withdrawal roll 34, the yarn proceeds through compacting means 36 coupled with a preferred relaxation of the yarn in the range of 1 to 10 percent of the applied stretch. The compacting means utilized include conventional twisting or twist substitutes including air entanglement or the application of an adhesive material. From the compacting means 36, yarn 10 is passed through feed rolls 38 to packaging 40 or directly to the end use.	0
The present invention also provides compositions which are particularly useful as bath or dip solutions. Such compositions may include organic acids such as sorbic acid, salts of sorbic acid and/or extracts or derivatives thereof such as potassium sorbate and natural gums or waxes such as beeswax, vegetable wax and/or extracts or derivatives thereof, and water. In certain embodiments, such compositions also may include surfactants.	0
Removal of the D.C. voltage from the integrated circuit 126 permits the internal pulse generating network to reset for the next time the D.C. voltage is applied to the control. The value of the capacitor 115 is very large, for example 150 microfarads, in comparison to the capacitor 120 which may be, for example, 0.33 microfarads, and there is no bleed resistor connected across the capacitor 115. Consequently, when the regulating transistor 124 is turned off, charge can be stored on the capacitor 115 for very long periods of time. This guarantees the availability of a smooth D.C. voltage for application to the intergrated circuit 126 during periods when the control might be subjected to a rapid succession of restarts.	0
The container body 1 has a space with an opening on an upper side. In the present embodiment 1, the container body 1 includes a circular case 1 a and a radiator plate 1 b fixed to a lower portion of the case 1 a by an adhesive agent. The case 1 a constitutes a side surface of the container body 1 , and the radiator plate 1 b constitutes a bottom surface of the container body 1 .	0
In another preferred embodiment of the subject matter invention, there is at least one connection tab which is provided on at least one lateral surface of the wall brick body so as to enter into said fixation channel.	0
D2. The collar corner assembly of D or D1, wherein at least two bolt holes are immediately adjacent the standoff portion.	0
FIG. 13 is an Energy Dispersive Spectrometer (EDS) spectrum showing the presence of silicon, calcium and phosphorus on hair after treatment with the bioactive glass, tris buffer and shampoo formulation of Group #3 described in the Example.	0
A boss 122 is formed downwards from a rotating disc 121 so as for the connection with a shaft 200 , and the lower rotating body 120 is mounted upwards from the rotating disc 121 so as to form the lower protective layer 123 .	0
In all of these embodiments, to further increase the quantity of illumination exiting through the front major surface 140 , a reflective backing 144 may be applied to the back major surface 138 . The reflective backing 144 may be applied uniformly such that it covers the entire back major surface 138 . The reflective backing 144 reduces the amount of light that escapes through the back major surface 138 by reflecting light back inward into the optical substrate 122 . In another embodiment, a cladding film (not shown) having an index of refraction less than the index of refraction of the optical substrate 122 is adjacent the back major surface 138 . The cladding film reduces the amount of light that escapes by reflecting light inward through total internal reflection. Similarly, all edges and surfaces of the optical substrate 122 (except for the edges 186 where the one or more light sources 120 a - d project illumination into the optical substrate 122 ) may also be coated with a reflective backing 144 .	0
Please refer to FIG. 6. A voltage, such as −10 volt, is applied on the program line PL (a gate of a trench transistor), which expels the electrons inside the charge-trapping layer to the substrate through an F-N tunneling effect. Then the data inside the memory cell will be erased.	0
On the other hand, on the other side surface of the main body portion 92 , a pair of retaining holes 104 a , 104 b , which are separated mutually by a predetermined distance, is formed about the cutout portion 94 . Positioning pins 106 a , 106 b that project in the longitudinal direction are formed respectively on outer sides in the widthwise direction with respect to the retaining holes 104 a , 104 b . The retaining holes 104 a , 104 b are formed with a predetermined depth toward the one end surface side of the main body portion 92 .	0
Since the diameter of each bump of this membrane with bumps is smaller from one end toward the other end of the probe, even in the case where the pitch intervals between parts to be contacted, e.g., electrodes of an electrical circuit, are small, it is possible to receive signals from the respective electrodes by causing the bumps to come in contact with the respective electrodes in an accurate manner.	0
The carrier sheet 30 may be the same as the carrier sheet 20 explained above.	0
Specifically, the outlet end of the drying duct 40 is connected to the front upper part of the tub 10 while the inlet end of the condensing duct 45 is connected to the rear lower part of the tub 10 .	0
A phase transition temperature of compound (1-5-1) obtained was as described below.	0
FIG. 14 illustrates the hypergraph of FIG. 13 in which the new group of stages is defined in accordance with an embodiment of the present disclosure.	0
Based on the presented data, FIX-CTP 3 coagulation factor has the potential to reduce the frequency of injections in patients receiving routine prophylactic doses of FIX replacement therapy. It is anticipated that rFIX-CTP 3 can confer prolonged protection from bleeding following each dose of factor, decrease the overall units of factor needed to treat bleeding episodes, and/or maintain adequate hemostasis during surgical procedures with fewer injections.	0
A two-compartmental module was used (WinLin software) to determine AUC0-inf, T terminal and clearance (CL). The PK parameters are described below in Table 26.	0
FIGS. 5-7 are alternative arrangements of fiber terminations within fiber bundles in accordance with the present invention.	0
All supercritical fluids are miscible with each other so, for a mixture, a single phase can be obtained if the supercritical point of the mixture is exceeded. The supercritical point of a binary mixture can be estimated as the arithmetic mean of the supercritical temperatures and pressures of the two components:	0
The linear actuator according to the present invention is not limited to the embodiment described above, but various alternative or additional features and structures may be adopted without deviating from the essence and scope of the invention as set forth in the appended claims.	0
The recording apparatus 10 shown in FIG. 1 is configured of a tuner 11 , an A/D (Analog/Digital) conversion circuit 12 , a data compression circuit 13 , a recording medium 14 , a chapter point detection circuit 15 , a CPU (Central Processing Unit) 16 , a data decompression circuit 17 , a D/A (Digital/Analog) conversion circuit 18 , a monitor 19 , and a speaker 20 .	0
However, the T-shaped central conductive wiring 10 of the symmetric differential inductor 1 and the central conductive wiring 20 of the center-tap differential inductor 2 occupy a large area of the substrate, thereby decreasing the product profit. Further, it is not possible to attain a fully symmetric structure due to the intersections of the spiral conductive wirings in the center-tap differential inductor 2 . As such, phase differences or other interference could occur and adversely affect the product yield and even seriously affect the inductance values and quality factors of the inductor.	0
Chemical shift δ (ppm; CDCl 3 ): 7.54 (d, J=8.10 Hz, 2H), 7.52-7.46 (m, 2H), 7.42 (d, J=12.2 Hz, 2H), 7.34-7.25 (m, 3H), 7.04-6.95 (m, 2H), 2.65 (t, J=7.45 Hz, 2H), 1.77-1.64 (m, 2H), 0.98 (t, J=7.35 Hz, 3H).	0
Water heating systems are used to provide hot water for a wide range of applications. These applications include kitchen services, showers, washing and machines in residential buildings, food processing and dishwashing in restaurants. Heating and air conditioning systems also use hot water for space heating.	0
F5. The collar corner assembly of any of F-F4, wherein the column mating portion and the standoff portion each have a standard upper section, and standard lower section connected by a selectable middle section corresponding to a beam depth.	0
The excess material of the first and second sheets 216 and 220 outside of the pocket 64 and the pocket seal 72 can be trimmed away and discarded or recycled. In one preferred method, a series of perforations can be formed in the sheets 216 and 220 just outside of the pocket seal 72 to facilitate the trimming or removal of the excess material of the sheets 216 and 220 from the assembled cross-member 82 having the pocket 64 and the electronic chip 18 . Alternatively, the excess material of the first and second sheets 216 and 220 outside of the pocket seal 72 can be left in place on the cross-member 82 .	0
Still another advantage of the present bio-waste system is that the present bio-waste disposal system may have dull flaps so as to reduce the chances of waste or paper catching on the rotating flaps.	0
In another alternative, at least one failure detection parameter is obtained from the second intermediate parameter CUMUC.	0
Using water as the positive displacement mechanism also provides a near zero friction piston seal, and a zero leakage piston seal, which reduces energy losses due to friction, reduces maintenance and inefficiency due to seal wear, eliminates the need to replace the piston seal, improving device and process reliability. It also eliminates the need to lubricate the piston on the cylinder or to maintain, service, and replace the lubricant or its filter and/or filtering system, or to cool the lubricant, and to avoid the energy losses associated with pumping, filtering, and cooling the lubricant.	0
FIG. 12 is a top down view (or cross-sectional view when vertical farm) of a farm and a component layout of the plant harvesting system.	0
While a single embodiment of the invention has been described variations within the spirit of the present invention as defined in the accompanying claims will be obvious to those skilled in the art.	0
Referring to FIG. 27E, optionally, the one or more first parameterized resources are exported for analysis to another device ( 2754 ), e.g., as one or more tab delimited files, CSV files, EXCEL spreadsheets, GOOGLE Sheets, or in a form suitable for an SQL database.	0
k 1 = 2 * μ * A ρ ,	0
Referring to Table 3, “1/sqrt(2)” and “1/sqrt(10)” may be used for the surround gain and LFE gain, respectively. For the downmix gain, “1”, “1/sqrt(2)”, or “½” may be used.	0
FIG. 3 comprises a sectional view of the standard casing hanger with the left half of the view showing the standard casing hanger immediately prior to landing in the wellhead housing and the right half of the view showing the casing hanger landed and the expandible load ring engaging an annular groove in the wellhead housing.	0
FIG. 44 is a fragmentary, plan view of a portion of the gripper cable push pull device.	0
Also, the determination device 30 can serve as a DNS server, the access request packet can serve as a name resolution request packet based on the DNS protocol, and the response packet by the determination device 30 can serve as a name resolution response packet based on the DNS protocol.	0
Samples treated with oxygen as the gas for ANEP generation showed increased log10 reductions for most samples when compared with samples treated in air, with the exception of samples stored at room temperature with oxygen ANEP (0.34 log10 reduction). Again, the increased effectiveness of ANEP generated in oxygen gas fill is believed to be due to the increased concentration of ozone produced during treatment. This data suggests that produce potentially contaminated with E. coli O157:H7 could effectively treated to eliminate the pathogen before the produce arrives at the grocery store or market.	0
dispersing a polyester resin including a polyhydric carboxylic acid component having an unsaturated double bond, and a telechelic polymer having a vinyl group on both tail ends of the telechelic polymer, in a water media;	0
FIG. 13 is a chart plotting flow rate versus motor speed for the impellers illustrated in FIGS. 10A-10B and 9E.	0
Reference throughout this specification to “some embodiments” or “an embodiment” means that a particular feature, structure or characteristic described in connection with the embodiment is included in at least some embodiments. Thus, appearances of the phrases “in some embodiments” or “in an embodiment” in various places throughout this specification are not necessarily all referring to the same embodiment and may refer to one or more of the same or different embodiments. Furthermore, the particular features, structures or characteristics may be combined in any suitable manner, as would be apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art from this disclosure, in one or more embodiments.	0
TABLE 2 Entry T Solvent XRPD 1 RT THF Form C1 2 40° C. THF Form C2 3 40° C. MIBK Form C2 4 ACN 5 MTBE 6 40° C. EtOAc Form C2 7 Toluene 8 iBuOAc 9 IPA Forms C1 + C2 (traces) 10 n-butanol Forms C1 + C2 11 EtOH Form C1 + small other peaks 12 n-pentanol Form C1	0
In yet another embodiment, the breach bag includes two or more bladders, each with individual capped fill ports. In one such configuration, two bladders are disposed in a generally parallel orientation along a spine defined by seams that separate the bladders within the perimeter of the planar material body. The breach bag may thus be folded along the spine and secured in a folded configuration by a hook and loop material disposed on outer seams of the planar material body. This folded configuration creates an essentially hollow sleeve within which explosive material may be inserted. The segregated bladders may be filled with materials of different densities or compressibility to tailor the blast wave to the circumstances at hand. When the explosive material is detonated, the blast forces the more compressible material away from the less compressible material, creating a plume or a projectile that can penetrate even an armored surface.	0
The language “turbulent combustion” is art-recognized, and used to describe a combustion characterized by turbulent flows. In certain embodiments of the invention the deflagrating combustion is turbulent combustion, which assists in the mixing process between the fuel and oxidizer.	0
FIG. 16 is a diagram illustrating the coolant flow in the heat absorption mode of the vehicle heat management system in the first embodiment.	0
In certain embodiments, the pin group utility module 206 is configured to groups a predetermined number of pins of a chip into a certain number of pin groups and generates a pin group file based on the pin groups. The predetermined number of pins as well as their corresponding pin related information are generated through one or more design tools, such as timing design tool and routing tools. The pins and pin related information are stored in a chip design database. When the processing system 200 starts, the pin group utility module 206 retrieved the pins and pin related information from the chip design database. In certain embodiments, the pin related information may include pin timing information 202 , and placement information 204 . The pin timing information 202 may include: arrival time, and timing slack. The placement information 204 may include: pin arrangement information, and pin physical layout information.	0
In other embodiments, which may applicable for use as part of or in conjunction with the embodiments of FIGS. 1-18 or otherwise, an oil filter element may be adapted to fit within multiple oil filter housings. Additionally, an oil filter mount within an oil filter housing may comprise a step around a cylindrical tube projecting from a base of the oil filter mount. As such, an oil filter element may be adapted to fit over the step of the oil filter mount. However, an older oil filter element comprising a filter media with a larger pore size may not fit over the oil filter mount with the step. In this way, older oil filter elements may not be used within newer vehicles having a higher emissions standard.	0
Preferred embodiments of the present invention are described in detail below with reference to the accompanying figures. This invention is described below, using by way of example only, a printer having two ink cartridges, but the invention is not limited to printers having two ink cartridges or colors of ink.	0
Soluble IL-6 receptor was prepared by the PCR method using a plasmid pBSEF2R.236 containing cDNA that encodes IL-6 receptor obtained according to the method of Yamasaki et al., (Yamasaki, K. et al., Science (1988) 241, 825-828). Plasmid pBSF2R.236 was digested with a restriction enzyme Sph I to obtain the cDNA of IL-6 receptor, which was then inserted into mp18 (manufactured by Amersham). Using a synthetic oligoprimer designed to introduce a stop codon into the cDNA of IL-6 receptor, a mutation was introduced into the cDNA of IL-6 receptor by the PCR method using the in vitro Mutagenesis System (manufactured by Amersham). The procedure resulted in the introduction of a stop codon to the amino acid at position 345, and gave cDNA encoding soluble IL-6 receptor.	0
Composition D including 90% of mother liquid crystals A and 10% of (E)-4-[3,3-difluoro-3-(3,4,5-trifluorophenoxy)-1-propenyl]-4″-pentyl-2′,2″,3,5-tetrafluoro-1,1′,4′,1″,4″,1′″-quarterphenyl (1-5-1) obtained in Example 5 was prepared. Physical properties of composition D obtained were measured and physical property values of compound (1-5-1) were calculated by extrapolating the measured values. The results were as described below.	0
FIGS. 76-78 are a fragmentary, diagrammatic top view and cross-sectional side views of the construction of FIGS. 1-3 shown at a processing stage subsequent to that of FIGS. 73-75. FIGS. 77 and 78 are along the lines 77 - 77 and 78 - 78 of FIG. 76; FIG. 78 is along the line 78 - 78 of FIG. 77; and FIG. 77 is along the line 77 - 77 of FIG. 78.	0
Ser Tyr Ala Asp Glu Asp Glu Ala Lys Val Ile Thr Trp Lys Lys Ile	0
